Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned.
Lemon blossom, roasted cacao nib, date, rice candy, white peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Savory-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish leads with cocoa-toned, crisply sweet floral notes in the short and a hint of spice (white peppercorn) in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned.
Pink peppercorn, date, myrrh, lavender, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Crisp, spice-toned structure with citrus-like acidity; satiny, very smooth mouthfeel.
The crisply sweet finish centers around spice and pungent floral notes.
Deeply sweet, subtly pungent.
Honey, pear, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, pistachio in aroma and cup.
Sweet and juicy yet crisp in structure (think ripe pear); plush and buoyant in mouthfeel.
Resonant and flavor saturated in the short finish; simplifies around hints of tangerine and pistachio in the long.
Delicate, richly and sweetly tart.
Dried hibiscus, fine musk, almond, sandalwood, raspberry in aroma and cup.
Fruit-toned, deeply sweet structure with gently-expressed acidity; buoyant, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisp, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by sweet-tart fruit and floral tones (raspberry, hibiscus).
High-toned, floral.
Dried apricot, magnolia, almond butter, maple syrup, cherry brandy in aroma and cup.
Crisp, sweetly-tart in structure; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of magnolia and dried apricot dominate in the flavor-laden short finish, with hints of almond butter and fruit brandy in the long.
Very delicate, sweetly savory.
Lemon verbena, allspice, dried persimmon, dogwood, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-savory structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The sweetly herb-toned finish centers on notes of lemon verbena and dried persimmon wrapped in baker’s chocolate.
High-toned, crisply sweet.
Lemon blossom, apricot, frankincense, spearmint, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Balanced, complete sweet-savory structure; satiny, full mouthfeel.
Sweet spearmint notes carry the cocoa-toned finish, with hints of lemon blossom and apricot.
Balanced, sweet-savory.
Red currant, roasted cacao nib, clove, blood orange zest, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with lively acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, spice-toned finish leads with intimations of clove and roasted cacao nib in the short, rounding to rich fruit tones with hints of frankincense in the long.
Surprising and melodic, delicate yet vivid.
Lilac and lemon blossom, fresh sweet grass, honey, moist pipe tobacco, fresh-cut elm in aroma and cup.
In structure subtly and sweetly tart.
Very light, silky mouthfeel.
Unexpectedly rich and flavor-saturated in the finish: pipe tobacco, honey, lemon blossom.
Delicate, gently tart, spice-toned.
Pomegranate, cocoa powder, lemon blossom, white peppercorn, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Lively, quietly complex structure; crisp, buoyant mouthfeel.
The finish leads with gently drying notes of hazelnut and white peppercorn in the short and segues to cocoa-toned citrus blossoms in the long.
Rich, sweet-toned, balanced.
Nougat, pink peppercorn, lemongrass, roasted cacao nib, tea rose in aroma and cup.
Floral-toned, bittersweet structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel.
Notes of aromatic wood and spice-toned florals carry the gently drying finish.
Crisply sweet, multi-faceted.
Candied violet, dark chocolate, pungent juniper wood, grapefruit zest, mango in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around mango and violet in the short and dark chocolate in the long, with a hint of aromatic wood.
Spectacularly sweet and hugely aromatic.
Meyer lemon marmalade, cedar, pistachio, guava, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet/tart and massively juicy in structure; plush, buoyant mouthfeel.
The juicy structure and complex aromatics persist in a long, lingering finish.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Lavender, roasted cacao nib, strawberry guava, hazelnut, toasted barley in aroma and cup.
Sweetly floral structure with savory undertones; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish leads with spicy florals and tropical fruit in the short, grounded by pleasing notes of toasted barley in the long.
Sweetly pungent, gently roasty.
Scorched cedar, dark chocolate, plum, lavender, lime zest in aroma and cup.
Complex in structure: sweetly tart with a roasty, savory depth.
Light, satiny mouthfeel.
Lemon zest, dark chocolate, plum carry into a rich though drying finish.
Elegant, deep, sweetly savory.
Jasmine, sandalwood, plum, nutella-like nut and cocoa, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
High-toned, balanced structure with citrusy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is long, resonant and flavor-saturated, carrying through on the promise of the cup.
Bright, richly sweet, complex.
Red currant, lilac, dark chocolate, lime zest, redwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory in structure, with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The balanced finish is resonant with notes of red currant and dark chocolate, with hints of lime zest.
Delicately sweet and balanced with a subtle hint of fermented fruit.
Peach, sweet chocolate, sandalwood, honeysuckle, almond in aroma and cup.
Gently and sweetly bright in structure; light yet satiny in mouthfeel.
Quiet but resonantly long finish: peach, chocolate, almond.
Deeply and pungently sweet-tart.
Lavender, grapefruit zest, sandalwood, blackberry, a hint of baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup.
Simultaneously brightly tart and deeply savory in structure.
Lightly syrupy, plush mouthfeel.
Grapefruit zest and blackberry carry into a crisply resonant finish.
Sweet, spice-toned, pungent.
Hazelnut, cocoa, ripe cantaloupe, tangerine zest, a hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Complexly structured: very sweet, gently tart, slightly bitterish.
Syrupy and full in mouthfeel.
Cocoa and tangerine carry into a deep, long finish.
Delicate, sweetly tart.
Strawberry, caramel, musk, cocoa butter, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Quietly tart-leaning structure with sweet undertones; plush, syrupy body.
The perfumy, almost musk-like finish is characterized by tart fruit notes in the short and cocoa butter in the long.
Deeply sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, dried coconut, tea rose, almond, cedar in aroma and cup.
Fruit-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; crisp though syrupy mouthfeel.
The spice-toned finish suggests homemade fruitcake, with notes of dried fruit, nuts and warming spices.
Deeply sweet, chocolate-toned.
Dark chocolate, Brazil nut, gardenia, baked apple, cedar in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet in structure; lean, lightly syrupy body.
The gently drying finish is characterized by notes of dark chocolate throughout, supported by gardenia and apple tones in the short and cedar in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned.
Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, tangerine zest, a hint of aged rum in aroma and cup.
Sweetly round in structure; syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is crisply and richly drying with lingering hints of aged rum enveloped by dark chocolate.
Intensely sweet, intricately rich.
Pink grapefruit zest, blackberry, fresh pipe tobacco, lavender, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-savory structure; crisp, satiny, buoyant mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of berry and citrus zest in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long, with spicy florals throughout.
Crisp, sweet-savory.
Mulberry, pink peppercorn, maple syrup, gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-savory in structure; viscous, velvety mouthfeel.
The rich though drying finish centers around spicy florals and berry tones in the short and notes of aromatic wood and maple syrup in the long.
Crisp, sweetly tart.
Dark chocolate, pie cherry, cedar, honey, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet in structure with crisp, citrus-like acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to honey-toned stonefruit in the short and dark chocolate in the long.
Complex, uniquely sweet, tropical.
Plumeria, roasted cacao nib, mango, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish carries through on the promise of the cup, with rich florals in the short and deep fruit notes in the long, where a new element, a soft fruit tone suggesting coconut, surfaces.
Spice-toned, richly sweet.
Raspberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia, bergamot in aroma and cup.
Sweet, fruit-forward structure; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by notes of rich chocolate with berry and bittersweet citrus complications.
Sweet, deep, intense but balanced.
Peach, maple syrup, sandalwood, grapefruit zest, almond, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Round, resonantly and sweetly bright in structure.
Silky and buoyant in mouthfeel.
Deep, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply and sweetly tart, delicate yet confident.
Peach, vanilla bean, grapefruit zest, almond, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Poised in structure: sweet, tart, savory.
Mouthfeel is cushiony, plush.
Flavor saturates a savory-edged, drying finish.
Spice-toned, chocolaty.
Chocolate-toned malt, date, hazelnut, fresh pipe tobacco, stick cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet in structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is richly chocolate-toned with a hint of cinnamon.
Deeply sweet, delicately zesty, complexly fruit- and floral-toned.
Peach, grapefruit zest, alyssum-like flowers, dark chocolate, cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure, with a deepening savory-bitter edge.
Light, satiny mouthfeel; flavor saturates a deep, richly floral and chocolate-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Frangipane, dark chocolate, cedar, tamarind, jasmine in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; nut-toned, richly tannic finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, invitingly bittersweet, with notes of dark chocolate and jasmine in harmony.
Richly sweet, crisply complex, spice-toned.
Lilac, bergamot, white peach, caramelized walnut, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Delicate, sweetly tart, juicy in structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The quietly resonant finish is flavor-saturated: stonefruit and bergamot carry the short and sandalwood-nuanced lilac notes resurface in the long.
Delicate, crisply sweet.
Dried coconut, baker’s chocolate, candied violet, cedar, nutmeg in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-tart structure; silky mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish is carried by notes of chocolate-toned coconut in the short and cedar in the long, with a whisper of sweet candied violet.
Sweet-toned, fruit-forward.
Raspberry, cedar, baker’s chocolate, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure; velvety mouthfeel.
The crisp, gently drying finish leads with notes of chocolate-toned berries in the short, and spicy-sweet florals and aromatic wood notes in the long.
Richly sweet, high-toned.
Maple syrup, orange zest, roasted cacao nib, peach, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure; satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish has a throughline of roasted cacao nib, accompanied by notes of peach and maple syrup in the short and orange zest and cedar in the long.
Vibrant, richly sweet, clear-toned.
Roasted cacao nib, ginger blossom, dried fig, sandalwood, sugar cane in aroma and cup.
Lushly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The deep, resonant finish is flavor-laden, fulfilling the promise of the cup with spicy floral notes in the short and cocoa-toned fruit in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned.
Red currant, lemon verbena, baker’s chocolate, rose hips, a hint of cannabis in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-savory structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish is sweetly herb-toned, leading with notes of lemon verbena and red currant in the short and a sweet muskiness akin to cannabis in the long, with a throughline of baker’s chocolate.
Sweetly savory, layered.
Rhododendron-like flowers, cinnamon, baker’s chocolate, cedar, red currant in aroma and cup.
Round, savory-leaning structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers on notes of vanilla-like florals and baker’s chocolate, with a hint of cinnamon.
Richly sweet, chocolate-toned.
Molasses, baker’s chocolate, lily, cedar, black peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is thoroughly chocolate-toned, leading with baker’s chocolate in the short complicated by deep florals and aromatic wood, rounding to cocoa powder and molasses in the long.
Deeply sweet, intensely pungent.
Dark chocolate, tangerine zest, star jasmine, maple syrup, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-toned in structure with lively, bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is as elegant as the cup implies: flavor-saturated, floral-, chocolate- and fruit-toned in both short and long.
Richly savory, sweetly herb-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, fennel, black cherry, cedar, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Round, deeply sweet in structure; syrupy mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish leads with black cherry in the short, which settles into a cedar-toned flowers in the long.
Delicately sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Strawberry, aged rum, cocoa powder, pink peppercorn, celery seed in aroma and cup.
Sweetly fermenty in structure; satiny-smooth in mouthfeel.
A hint of aged rum carries the finish, accompanied by berry notes in the short and spice-toned savory notes in the long.
Gently bittersweet, deeply floral-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, aromatic orchid, hazelnut, oak in aroma and cup.
Low-toned, crisply bittersweet in structure.
Mouthfeel is light though silky.
The finish consolidates to a rich, oaky chocolate.
Resonantly fruit-forward, elegant, complex.
Honey, dried raspberry, chocolate truffle, aged rum, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Juicy, rich structure with bright, vibrant acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
A suggestion of sweet marjoram complicates the rich, flavor-saturated finish, which leads with honey and raspberry notes in the short, rounding to chocolate and aged rum in the long.
Crisply sweet, spice-toned.
Dried papaya, caramel, tangerine zest, pink-peppercorn, vanilla in aroma and cup.
High-toned, sweetly tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; lean, though satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant, richly drying finish is laden with sweet notes of caramel and papaya in the short, turning more savory-leaning in the long, with hints of pink peppercorn wrapped in vanilla.
Resonantly bright, floral-toned.
Jasmine, frankincense, cardamom, toffee, apricot in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The deep, flavor-saturated finish leads with caramel-toned apricot in the short, with rich florals resurfacing in the long.
Deeply rich, spicy sweet.
Pear, cedar, vanilla, grapefruit zest, cumin in aroma and cup.
Tartly bittersweet in structure; full, syrupy though drying mouthfeel.
Resonant finish consolidates around pear and a floral-toned vanilla.
Delicate, deeply sweet, complexly layered.
Passionfruit, roasted cacao nib, frankincense, lilac, almond in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The richly cocoa-toned finish is redolent of tropical fruit and fragrant aromatic wood.
Deep, intense, sweetly perfumy, savory-edged.
Dark chocolate, vanilla, dried mango, sandalwood, a hint of dried mint in aroma and cup.
Very sweet though also rather drying and tannic in structure; satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish, sweet yet spicy, particularly impressive in the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Intensely chocolaty, vivaciously fruit-toned.
Dark chocolate, narcissus, pie cherry, molasses, sandalwood in aroma and small cup.
Rich, syrupy mouthfeel.
A resonant finish leads with cherry and narcissus notes in the short and sandalwood-toned chocolate in the long.
In three parts milk, dark chocolate envelopes deeply stated fruit and floral notes.
Fruit-forward, delicate yet intense.
Complex flowers (lily to lavendar), sandalwood, dark chocolate, plum, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup.
Roundly and deeply crisp in structure; lightly satiny in mouthfeel.
The finish is resonant and sweet with chocolate and a continuing hint of brandy.
Delicate, sweetly tart.
Roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, tamarind, spearmint, plum in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Bittersweet in the short finish and sweetly wood-framed in the long.
Delicate but richly intricate.
Cocoa, almond paste, lemon verbena, hints of lily and grappa-like spirits in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet and brisk, though juicy in structure.
Very lightly syrupy in mouthfeel.
The finish is deeply savory-sweet and crisply flavor-saturated.
Deeply and richly sweet; spice-toned.
Lavender, mulberry, bay leaf, lemon zest, allspice in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
The long, resonant finish is laden with spice-toned floral notes and bright berry suggestions.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Wisteria, roasted cacao nib, almond, caramel, hint of musk in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisply velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to a pretty cocoa-toned musk in the short, with almond and caramel resurfacing in the long.
Delicate but deeply and quietly intense.
Cocoa, peach, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar, a hint of lush, lily-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Balanced, crisply sweet in structure; light-footed and lively in mouthfeel.
Cocoa dominates in a resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Big, round, deeply resonant, layered.
Fresh-cut cedar, baker’s chocolate, autumn squash, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory, low-toned in structure; full, syrupy in mouthfeel.
In the finish most flavor details fade, but a powerful, chocolate-complicated sweetness rings on.
Roundly and sweetly citrusy.
Ripe tangerine, caramel, freesia-like flowers, cedar, a hint perhaps of fresh parsley-like herb in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and gently tart, pure and juicy in structure.
Very smooth, fullish, satiny mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates in a layered, resonant finish.
Lush, vibrant; intricate and balanced.
Fine musk, dried jasmine, passionfruit, bergamot, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Complex, richly sweet structure with bright acidity.
Buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
The resonant finish fulfills the promise of the cup, carrying all of the flavor notes, including a hint of white sage, well into the long.
Delicate, crisply sweet-savory, roast-rounded.
Dark chocolate, orange blossom, almond, sandalwood, tamari in aroma and cup.
Savory sweet in structure  with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is rich with notes of dark chocolate and almond in the short, with savory-sweet hints of tamari and sandalwood incense in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly wood-framed.
Watermelon candy, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, toasted pecan, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Aromatic wood leads in the short finish, while notes of watermelon candy (think Jolly Rancher) and sweet florals resurface in the long.
Deeply and richly sweet.
Strawberry, peach, sandalwood, almond butter, chrysanthemum in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The quiet finish consolidates around notes of almond and sandalwood.
Intricately layered, deeply and sweetly pungent.
Roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, lilac, candied ginger, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The complex finish sustains all of the flavor notes from the cup, sweet flowers in particular.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Dried cherry, lemon zest, baker’s chocolate, cashew, a hint of cayenne in aroma and cup.
Delicate, sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish centers on citrus notes and chocolate in the short, with a suggestion of cayenne in the long.
Sweetly pungent, high-toned.
Dried apple, orange blossom, toffee, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure, with juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
The finish is deeply sweet and resonant, with notes of orange blossom and toffee in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long.
Balanced and bright with a savory, root-vegetable depth.
Lemon verbena, ripe orange zest, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, a hint of brothy cooked root vegetables in aroma and cup.
Structure is quietly sweet/tart with a savory edge; the mouthfeel round, syrupy and full.
The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and a ripe zesty orange.
Crisp, delicate, yet intense and original.
Lush, rose-like flowers, dark chocolate, cedar, almond, ripe pineapple in aroma and cup.
Balanced and complete in structure, poised at a round, satisfying intersection of sweet, tart and bitter.
Light but syrupy in texture.
Layered and resonant in the finish: rose, chocolate, almond all ring on.
Bright, richly sweet.
Lime blossom, raspberry jam, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with juicy acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel.
The finish leads with citrus and berry notes in the short, segueing to sandalwood-framed sweet florals in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned.
Raspberry jam, almond butter, rhododendron-like flowers, grappa, cocoa powder in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with fruit-forward acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates around deep raspberry and cocoa notes, with a heady hint of sweet ferment.
Delicate, intricately sweet.
Dried mango, roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, freesia-like flowers, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup.
Deeply rich, balanced  structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is animated by lively mango and freesia notes in the short, quieting to cocoa-toned honeysuckle in the long.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Black currant, molasses, amber oil, allspice, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure; smooth, rounded acidity.
The finish displays an unusual sweetly musky quality suggesting amber oil, complicated by black currant and wisteria.
High-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Mango, honey, lemongrass, oak, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly savory structure with lively acidity; crisp though velvety mouthfeel.
The sweetly herb-toned finish is redolent of lemongrass, supported by mango, honey and a hint of oak.
Lush, high-toned, richly sweet.
Apricot, bergamot zest, nougat, sandalwood, honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet in structure, with juicy, bright acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is seemingly eternal, resonant with all the flavor notes from the cup: stone fruit, citrus zest, nutty caramel, aromatic wood and sweet florals.
High-toned, deeply sweet.
Black currant, honey, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of black currant and honey in the short, rich cocoa-toned sandalwood in the long.
Intensely pungent, richly vibrant, deeply sweet, startlingly original.
Complex spice (cinnamon, clove, nutmeg), herb (fresh cilantro, parsley), baker’s chocolate, lime zest, sweetly pungent spirits (Brazilian cachaça?) in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet and roundly tart in structure.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The shifting, layered intrigue in the cup carries far into a long, resonant finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Layered, complex.
Dark chocolate, mango, grapefruit zest, cedar, lily-like flowers in aroma and small cup.
Lightly syrupy, lively mouthfeel.
Mango, chocolate and a hint of flowers persist in a deeply resonant finish.
Crisply lively in three-parts milk: continued chocolate and mango-like fruit, while the floral suggestions hint at butterscotch.
Evaluated as espresso.
Roundly and sweetly tart/pungent.
Baker’s chocolate, almond, cedar, tangerine zest, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy, full mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates in a rather dry though pleasingly chocolate- and cedar-toned finish.
Crisp in three-parts milk: dry chocolate and rich floral hints.
Crisp, sweetly tart.
Concord grape, baker’s chocolate, cedar, musk, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with fruit and floral tones, rounding to baker’s chocolate in the long.
Fruit-forward, spice-toned.
Raspberry jam, clove, rum cordial, fresh-cut fir, dried hibiscus in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly creamy mouthfeel.
Clove and raspberry drive the sweet-toned short finish, while notes of fresh-cut fir reappear in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned.
Peach blossom, hazelnut, pink peppercorn, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with lively, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to peach blossom and hazelnut in the short, with lime zest and cedar resurfacing in the long.
Crisp, sweetly savory.
Butterscotch, mesquite, cocoa powder, cooked acorn squash, fine musk in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is carried, both short and long, by notes of cocoa and rich aromatic wood.
Crisp, delicately sweet.
Baker’s chocolate, violet-like flowers, papaya, macadamia nut, molasses in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure; impressively buoyant, velvety mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish consolidates around notes of violet and papaya with a throughline of molasses-like sweetness.
High-toned, deeply sweet.
Honeysuckle, blackberry, cardamom, tangerine zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, satiny mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish leads with rich floral notes and crisply sweet suggestions of mixed berries
Sweetly spice-toned, deeply rich.
Bergamot, almond, fresh parsley, gardenia, oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet, softly tart in structure; plush, full mouthfeel.
The rich, resonant finish carries over all the notes from the cup, a nut-toned bergamot in particular.
Wildly, disconcertingly original.
Sweetly tart, simultaneously fruit- and earth-toned, bright yet lush.
Fresh clover, earth, fresh-pressed red grape juice, dark chocolate, white peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Juicy sweet yet zesty and savory in structure.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is resonant and intensely flavor-saturated.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned.
Blackberry, baker’s chocolate, freesia, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; velvety-textured, crisp mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish has a berry throughline, enveloped by spicy floral notes.
Richly sweet-savory, roast-cradled.
Toasted coconut, black currant, tamari-roasted almond, myrrh, lavender in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of lavender and tamari-roasted almond.
Rich-toned, subtly complex.
Pineapple, sandalwood, jasmine, honey, cocoa in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet in structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with cocoa-toned pineapple in the short, rounding to jasmine in the long.
Multi-layered, intricate.
Raspberry, chocolate fudge, lavender, vanilla, rum cordial in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with fruit-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is crisp and richly drying, with notes of chocolate and lavender in the short and fruit-infused rum in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly savory.
Lemongrass, graham cracker, sassafras, roasted cacao nib, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure, with round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The short finish is resonant with notes of lemongrass and jasmine, rounding to cocoa and graham cracker in the long.
Crisp, balanced, richly sweet.
Maple syrup, apricot, hop flowers, nougat, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Notes of maple syrup and apricot pleasantly dominate the finish, with enticing hints of bittersweet, hop-like florals.
Richly savory, deeply sweet.
Ginger blossom, almond brittle, pear, fresh, moist forest notes, wildflower honey in aroma and cup.
Structured balance among sweet, tart and savory tastes; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The honey-toned finish leads with ginger blossom in the short and notes of pear and almond in the long.
Sweetly roast-rounded, cocoa-toned.
Baker's chocolate, black currant, rose hip, singed cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart structure; delicate, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish centers around tart floral notes and baker's chocolate.
Delicate, quietly sweet-toned.
Roasted cacao nib, red grape, fresh-cut fir, lemon zest, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Gentle, rounded structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of lemon zest and gardenia with a hint of fresh-cut fir.
Nuanced, multi-layered, richly sweet.
Lavender, roasted cacao nib, salted caramel, sweet aromatic mushroom, a moist foresty hint in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish is resonant and flavor-saturated, fulfilling the promise of the cup well into the long.
High-toned, crisply sweet.
Maple syrup, orange zest, honeysuckle-like flowers, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and roundly tart structure; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish is redolent of honeysuckle and orange zest in the short, rounding to buttery nut suggestions in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Black currant, roasted cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, almond, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with crisply bright acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The quietly nuanced finish centers around black currant and freesia tones in the short, molasses and almond in the long.
Briskly sweet-tart, fruit-forward.
Dark chocolate, maraschino cherry, pipe tobacco, caramel, almond in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet instructure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The drying, cocoa-toned finish leads with dark chocolate in the short with maraschino cherry resurfacing in the long.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Ripe banana, roasted cacao nib, elm, freesia-like flowers, roasted cashew in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet-tart structure; lightly velvety mouthfeel.
The crisp, richly drying finish consolidates around notes of cashew, cacao nib and a hint of spicy florals.
Delicate, chocolate-toned.
Dark chocolate, hazelnut, raisin, hints of lily and oak in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-toned structure; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The long finish is quietly flavor-saturated.
Delicate, sweet-toned, softly bright and balanced.
Caramel, vanilla bean, cedar, almond, candied lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Gently brisk in structure, light in mouthfeel.
Sweet citrus framed by aromatic cedar carry into a short but pleasing finish.
Deeply and sweetly pungent, juicy.
Black currant, orange zest, cocoa, lavender, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and gently tart in structure, gently savory-edged.
Light but silky, lively mouthfeel.
Quietly rich finish: orange zest and lavender.
Round, balanced, with a quiet but deeply layered complexity.
Blackberry, cocoa, pear, lavender, roasted macadamia in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and roundly bright in structure; plush and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel.
A richly resonant finish consolidates around cocoa, lavender and pear.
Delicate, sweetly bright and gently lemony.
Ripe lemon zest, fresh-cut cedar, carnation, roasted cashew, cocoa in aroma and cup.
Roundly and lightly sweet-tart in structure; satiny in mouthfeel.
Quietly resonant in the finish: flowers and cedar.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward.
Strawberry, baker’s chocolate, honeysuckle-like flowers, almond, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The short finish is centered around berry and floral notes, while cocoa-toned almond with a hint of frankincense characterizes the long.
Deeply rich, sweet-savory.
Rhododendron, mango, almond brittle, thyme, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned, savory structure; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of oak and almond, with a hint of sweet herb suggesting thyme.
Brightly sweet with a savory depth.
Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, date, cedar in aroma and cup.
Quietly sweet-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and lemon verbena.
Richly sweet, crisply tart.
Butterscotch, lemon zest, peach, honey, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced, delicately sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of butterscotch and lemon zest, with a hint of cedar.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, cinnamon, banana, cashew, citrusy lantana flowers in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet in structure, with juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Notes of baker’s chocolate and banana are sweetly resonant in the short finish, spice-toned florals resurface in the long.
Rich-toned, balanced, deeply sweet.
Apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, citrusy lantana flowers, cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet in structure with lively acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of sweet-tart stone fruit carry into the long finish, supported by dark chocolate and a hint of cinnamon-like spice.
Sweetly roast-rounded, richly savory.
Dark caramel, pipe tobacco, date, almond, hops in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with rounded acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of date and pipe tobacco in the short, with almond and hops returning in the long.
Elegant, intricately rich.
Lemon verbena, raw honey, mango, star jasmine, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp, cocoa-toned finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and jasmine.
Fruit-toned, engagingly complex.
Mulberry, musk, cocoa, freesia-like flowers, elderflower liqueur in aroma and cup.
Balanced in structure (sweet, tart, savory); plush, lively mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with fruit (think berry medley) in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and a hint of sweet ferment.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly floral, spice-toned.
Lavender, baker’s chocolate, dried strawberry, sandalwood, lemon zest in aroma and small cup.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel; dry, fruit-toned finish with hints of sandalwood.
In three parts milk, chocolate notes turn toward sweet caramel and the spicy floral and dried berry notes amplify.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, richly sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned.
Pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, hazelnut, vanilla in aroma and small cup.
Plush, creamy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with notes of pomegranate and hazelnut.
Resonant and flavor-saturated in three parts milk; chocolate and tart fruit lead, with narcissus-like flowers ringing into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Rose-like flowers, chocolate fudge, cannabis flower, black cherry, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel; richly drying, sweet-savory finish.
This coffee levitates in three parts milk, with rich notes of rose-like flowers ensconced in deep chocolate and a cannabis-like muskiness.
Evaluated as espresso.
Lush, complex, richly sweet-savory.
Peach, fine musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, pungent frankincense in aroma and small cup.
Plump, syrupy mouthfeel; clean, crisp, cocoa-toned finish.
The cocoa notes from the small cup bloom into dark chocolate in cappuccino-scaled milk, nicely complicated by flowers and frankincense.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deeply rich, crisply sweet, fruit- and chocolate-toned.
Dried mango, chocolate fudge, narcissus-like flowers, roasted almond, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup.
Lively, silky smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
The chocolate-forward presentation in three parts milk is nuanced by notes of mango and fresh-cut cedar.
Sweetly and gently tart.
Lavender, brown sugar, lemon zest, honeydew melon, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet-tart and juicy in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates but rings on in a resonant finish.
Sweet yet zesty, vivacious.
Honey, peach, ripe lime zest, black tea, a hint of parsley in aroma and cup.
Sweetly brisk, lively in structure; light but satiny mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates around floral honey and peach in a crisply sweet-toned finish.
Deeply pungent and richly sweet.
Lavender, baker’s chocolate, oak, ripe fig, a hint of ginger in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet-tart and juicy in structure; full and satiny in mouthfeel.
Baker’s chocolate carries distinctly and pleasingly into an otherwise short finish.
Richly low-toned, gently zesty.
Cedar, baker’s chocolate, grapefruit zest, apple, a hint of magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and quietly tart in structure, with a brisk edge.
Plump mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates in a sweet, though rather drying, finish.
Spice-toned, richly sweet, deeply savory.
White peach, fine musk, freesia, almond, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Delicate, sweet-savory structure, with bright, juicy acidity.
The resonant, richly drying finish leads with white peach and musk in the short, rounding to notes of sweet almond with a hint of myrrh in the long.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory.
Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, date, honeysuckle, cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet in structure, with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The sweetly herbaceous finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and cocoa-toned cinnamon.
Sweetly savory, chocolate-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, singed cedar, gardenia, plum, molasses in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-savory structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish centers around baker’s chocolate and pleasantly smoky aromatic wood notes.
Delicately rich, crisply sweet.
Star jasmine, lemon zest, peach, sandalwood, almond in aroma and cup.
Roundly and sweetly tart in structure; lightly silky in mouthfeel.
Lemon, peach and sandalwood in particular carry into a long finish, deeply layered finish.
Crisp, sweetly pungent, deep.
Dark chocolate, apricot, fresh-cut cedar, narcissus-like flowers, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Brisk but sweet in structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
Long, flavor-saturated finish consolidates around apricot and flowers.
Richly floral- and berry-toned, impeccably balanced.
Violet, blackberry, honey, clove, salted chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with rounded, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of violet and blackberry in the short, modulating to salted chocolate in the long.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Narcissus-like flowers, almond, maple syrup, apricot, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure, with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish is resonant with notes of amond and myrrh.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a ristretto 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Sweetly bright, intricate, original.
Peach, sandalwood, lemon tart, baker’s chocolate, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and small cup.
Delicately plump in mouthfeel; long, resonant, peach- and lemon-saturated finish.
Remains crisply tart in three parts milk, with flavor consolidating around a subtle, elegant dry chocolate.
Spice-toned, richly sweet.
Honeysuckle, pistachio, baking spices, apricot, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with balanced, lively acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of apricot and honeysuckle in the short, rounding to spice-toned pistachio in the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Crisply sweet, richly floral-toned.
Lavender, dark chocolate, red currant, almond butter, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup.
Delicate, viscous mouthfeel; richly drying finish centers around notes of tart fruit, dark chocolate and bittersweet, lavender-like flowers.
Chocolaty and floral in three parts milk, with ongoing tart-fruit notes as well.
Crisp, delicate, sweetly herbaceous.
Roasted cacao nib, lemon verbena, almond brittle, date, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is crisply sweet and richly drying, with notes of lemon verbena and cocoa nib.
Balanced, richly sweet.
Black cherry, molasses, cedar, baker's chocolate, lily-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Notes of baker's chocolate and molasses frame the short finish, while cedar and lily re-emerge in the gently drying long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty.
Black cherry, brandy, dark chocolate, sandalwood, lavender in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, silky mouthfeel; spice-toned finish, redolent of sandalwood.
A hint of sweet, brandy-like ferment lingers in three parts milk, supported by deep chocolate notes and spicy aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso.
Fruit-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Ripe strawberry, dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, salted caramel, a hint of grapey spirits (think grappa barrel) in aroma and small cup.
Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, long, fruit-toned finish with a continued  suggestion of grappa barrel.
In three parts milk, richly sweet with notes of salted caramel and dark chocolate and a hint of berryish fruit.
Bright, crisply sweet-savory.
Black currant, honeysuckle, ripe tomato, spearmint, cedar in aroma and cup.
Equal parts sweet, savory and tart in structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of black currant and honeysuckle carry the resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweet-toned, richly savory.
Baker’s chocolate, hazelnut butter, narcissus, date, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with rounded, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to baker’s chocolate and aromatic wood notes, with a hint of narcissus-like flowers.
Evaluated as espresso.
Elegantly fruit-toned and floral.
Dried apricot, lychee, sandalwood, cashew butter, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup.
Plush, creamy mouthfeel; rich, resonant finish driven predominantly by notes of dried apricot and sandalwood.
In three parts milk, an intriguing marjoram-like note surfaces, along with notes of deep fruit, aromatic wood, and a distinct sweet floral.
Sweet, deeply and complexly fruit-toned.
Very ripe strawberry, pineapple guava, dark chocolate, distinct lavender-like flowers, aromatic cedar in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet in structure, with a gentle and pleasing bitter edge.
Full, plush mouthfeel.
Lavender and chocolate dominate in a faintly and pleasantly spirits-tinged finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Chocolaty, floral-toned.
Plumeria, baker’s chocolate, tangerine zest, fresh-cut cedar, tamarind in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with notes of tamarind and baker’s chocolate.
In three parts milk, rich chocolate tones provide ballast for tart tamarind, and plumeria notes elevate the whole with pervasive sweetness.
Bright, rich-toned, deeply sweet.
Tangerine zest, almond paste, lemon verbena, honeysuckle, apricot in aroma and cup.
Sweetly herbaceous in structure with juicy, bright acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The citrusy finish is carried by notes of tangerine zest and lemon verbena.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet.
Dried blueberry, ginger, hibiscus, cedar, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Quiet finish with lingering notes of blueberry and cocoa nib.
Richly fruit-toned, deeply sweet.
Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, cedar, freesia, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure, with lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidate to notes of dried berries and dark chocolate, with undercurrents of fresh-cut aromatic wood.
Intricate, richly sweet.
Lemon verbena, raspberry, roasted cacao nib, maple syrup, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with crisp acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish centers around lemon verbena and maple syrup.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned.
Almond brittle, lilac, black cherry, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisp and sweet in the finish, centered around notes of black cherry and almond.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Coconut, hibiscus, star anise, roasted cacao nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with bright acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of coconut and hibiscus in the short with a hint of star anise in the long.
Delicately sweet-savory.
Lemon verbena, pink peppercorn, dried papaya, honeysuckle, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup.
The structure nicely balances sweet and savory; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The herb-toned finish leads with notes of lemon verbena and papaya with baker’s chocolate as a throughline.
Delicate, intricate, richly sweet.
Dried jasmine, mango chutney, myrrh, baker’s chocolate, bergamot in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel.
Tart-leaning, rich-toned finish, characterized by notes of mango chutney and baker’s chocolate.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Black currant, blood orange zest, roasted cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, sugar cane in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp, resonant finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black currant and freesia.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, balanced, floral-toned.
Dried jasmine, Concord grape, fine musk, mango, tangerine zest in aroma and small cup.
Lively, silky-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, jasmine and mango notes are further amplified, deepened by pungent musk underneath.
Deeply rich, crisply sweet-tart.
Apricot, pink grapefruit zest, malt, dark chocolate, orange blossom in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The nuanced finish leads with notes of apricot and orange blossom in the short, rounding to malt-toned chocolate in the long.
Cocoa-toned, deeply sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, mulberry, dried mushroom, lily- and rhododendron-like floral notes in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with round, gentle acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and vanilla-like florals with an umami undercurrent akin to dried mushroom.
Boldy sweet-tart, savory-edged.
Dark chocolate, gooseberry, honey, lilac, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, lively mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with tart fruit notes in the short resolving to honey-toned florals in the long, all enveloped in dark chocolate.
Spiced toned, richly sweet.
Red currant, almond nougat, pipe tobacco, narcissus-like flowers, hickory wood in aroma and cup.
In structure, sweet, tart and savory in balance, with juicy acidity; full, velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is crisp, resonant and flavor-saturated.
Delicate, richly sweet-savory.
Toffee, tamarind, roasted cacao nib, star jasmine, almond in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet in structure with balanced, round acidity; plush syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisply sweet finish is floral-toned, supported by notes of cocoa nib and toffee.
Rich-toned, cleanly fruit-forward, intricately balanced.
Concord grape, pungent myrrh, roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, candy cap mushroom in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish rings on with all of the notes from the cup.
Deeply sweet, richly savory.
Red currant, lavender, baker’s chocolate, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with crisp, lively acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of red currant and baker’s chocolate in the short, with pretty hints of lavender in the long.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned.
Raspberry, roasted cacao nib, honey, fresh-cut fir, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart in structure with vibrant acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The long, lasting finish centers around cocoa-toned honey and freesia.
Sweetly roast-toned, richly chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, dried apricot, fine musk, fresh-cut fir, azalea in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of chocolate and dried apricot.
Vibrant, high-toned, deeply sweet.
Candied violet, pomegranate, sandalwood, honey, almond in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with bright, citrusy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Sweetly tart in the short finish and redolent of honey and pomegranate in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart, engagingly bright.
Tangerine zest, baker’s chocolate, tamarind, orange blossom, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Floral in the short finish, followed by notes of baker’s chocolate and citrus zest in the long.
Richly chocolaty and fruit-toned.
Dark chocolate, dried berries, mesquite, orange zest, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with balanced acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is redolent of dark chocolate and dried berries with a hint of mesquite.
Balanced, rich-toned, crisply sweet.
Baker’s chocolate, plum, hazelnut, maple syrup, wisteria in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with lively acidity; viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish is cocoa-laden, with supporting notes of stone fruit and nuts.
Evaluated as espresso.
Balanced, rich-toned, floral.
Jasmine, vanilla, pink grapefruit zest, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup.
Delicate, lively mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, notes of jasmine and vanilla take center stage, supported by dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deeply and richly sweet-savory.
Blackberry, roasted cacao nib, tamarind, sandalwood, pistachio in aroma and small cup.
Crisp but velvety-smooth mouthfeel; rich, resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Berry and cocoa notes lead in cappuccino-scaled milk, followed by an intriguing hint of sandalwood.
Deeply sweet-savory, energetic.
Black currant, roasted cacao nib, star jasmine, almond butter, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet in structure with savory undertones and bright, lyrical acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Flavor-laden finish maintains the integrity of the cup well into the long.
Crisp, sweetly pungent.
Honeysuckle, pomegranate, maple syrup, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and cedar with hints of honeysuckle-like florals.
Crisply sweet, balanced.
Baker’s chocolate, apricot, magnolia, cedar, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around apricot and magnolia in the short, with cedar and baker’s chocolate returning in the long.
High-toned, crisply sweet.
Mango, halvah, fine musk, freesia, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plump, velvety mouthfeel.
The lingering, resonant finish carries through on the vivacious, complex promise of the cup.
Roasty-sweet, richly chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, gently scorched cedar, gardenia, grapefruit zest, roasted almond in aroma and cup.
Briskly bittersweet in structure; satiny-smooth in mouthfeel.
Notes of dark chocolate and smoky cedar carry the resonant finish.
Sweetly herbaceous, richly cocoa-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, lemon verbena, toffee, allspice, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish leads with lemon verbena and toffee in the short, segueing to spice-toned chocolate and hazelnut in the long.
Vibrant, rich-toned, sweetly-tart.
Tart berry, roasted cacao nib, crisp, bittersweet hop flowers, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with engaging, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The savory-leaning finish is driven by hop flowers, with cocoa nib as another throughline supporting the dried fruit and spicy aromatic wood notes.
Rich, resonant, high-toned.
Lychee, lilac, chocolate fudge, frankinense, tamarind in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smoooth mouthfeel.
The lingering finish is flavor-saturated, making good on the promise of the cup’s deep sweetness.
Crisp, elegantly sweet, rich-toned.
Dried mango, hazelnut butter, hibiscus, fresh-cut cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish leads with dried mango and hazelnut in the short, hibiscus and cedar returning in the long.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty.
Baker’s chocolate, plum, magnolia, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish is redolent with notes of baker’s chocolate and magnolia, with a hint of cedar-like aromatic wood.
High-toned, crisply sweet.
Date, cashew butter, magnolia, grapefruit zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of date and magnolia in the short, rounding to cashew butter and grapefruit zest in the long.
Rich, sweet, floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, almond, bing cherry, baker’s chocolate, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of cherry and baker’s chocolate.
Crisply sweet, impressively balanced.
Black currant, maple syrup, almond, cedar, lilac-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to black currant and maple syrup with undercurrents of hazelnut and cedar.
Richly fruit-toned.
Ripe blueberry, dark chocolate, oak, agave syrup, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned in structure with rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around deep blueberry and chocolate notes with a hint of oak.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned.
Hazelnut butter, baker’s chocolate, cherry, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The sweet finish consolidates to an inviting nutty chocolate in the short and spice-toned florals in the long.
Delicate, vibrant, richly tart.
Passionfruit, roasted cacao nib, sandalwood, star jasmine, bergamot zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
The long, flavor-saturated finish is redolent with notes of passionfruit, star jasmine and cacoa nib.
Rich, high-toned, sweetly herbaceous.
Lemon verbena, roasted almond, black cherry, narcissus, black peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with black cherry and narcissus in the short, with notes of almond and peppercorn in the long, and an undercurrent of lemon verbena throughout.
Complex, sweetly tart, spice-toned.
Peach, fine musk, toffee, macadamia nut, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The elegant, lingering finish centers around notes of peach, toffee and fine musk, all cocoa-toned.
Complexly layered with sweet-savory depth.
Wisteria, hop flowers, candied grapefruit zest, black cherry, pistachio butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish is a mirror of the cup, carrying through on the coffee's savory-sweet resonance.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned.
Salted caramel, black cherry, cinnamon, roasted cashew, clover flower in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure; high-toned, juicy acidity.
Fruit-toned finish with hints of cinnamon and clover flower.
Balanced, deeply rich and sweet.
Butterscotch, sandalwood, dark chocolate, dried apricot, lantana in aroma and cup.
Appealing bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and butterscotch.
Crisp, richly sweet-toned.
Tamarind, hazelnut, maple syrup, pink peppercorn, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of tamarind, hazelnut and pink peppercorn.
Aromatically subtle, sweetly tart.
Pie cherry, roasted cacao nib, pistachio, thyme, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; viscous, syrupy acidity.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned pie cherry and freesia.
Rich-toned, resonantly floral.
Wisteria, myrrh, almond nougat, lemon curd, dried cherry in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with zesty, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with tart lemon curd and cherry notes, followed by deep wisteria with an undercurrent of almond.
Complex, multi-faceted, spice-toned.
Dahlia-like flowers, bergamot, almond, vanilla, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with balanced, bright acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Bergamot and vanilla-toned cocoa carry the quiet, balanced finish.
Crisply floral and sweetly herb-toned.
Dark chocolate, lavender, dried pear, tangerine zest, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with lively, expansive acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to pretty notes of lavender and dark chocolate, with a hint of tangerine zest.
Crisp yet very sweet, delicately intricate.
Lavender, lemon zest, apple, walnut, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup.
In structure massively sweet, gently tart; light, velvety, lively mouthfeel.
Apple, lemon and fresh tobacco notes saturate a quiet, lightly drying finish.
Big, round, deeply and pungently layered.
Fragrant cedar, lavender, baker’s chocolate, Concord grape, a hint of mace in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet and rich in structure; fat and plush in mouthfeel with a drying edge.
Concord grape and cedar dominate in a continuing pungent but quite sweet finish.
Crisp, delicately but intricately floral- and spice-toned.
Jasmine, walnut, pipe tobacco, sandalwood, ripe peach, a hint of lime zest in aroma and cup.
Brisk and vivacious in structure; light, silky mouthfeel.
Flavor layers but rings on in a jasmine-toned, gently drying finish.
Delicately sweet-tart, cocoa-toned.
Roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, narcissus, mango, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Intricately sweet, high-toned, with bright, juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango supported by notes of frankincense.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Apricot, sandalwood, maple syrup, orange zest, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is quietly flavor-saturated, with lead notes of apricot and sandalwood.
Crisply sweet, balanced.
Baker’s chocolate, maple syrup, gardenia, cherry, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to baker’s chocolate and gardenia with hints of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa powder, date, magnolia, molasses, oak in aroma and small cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish with notes of magnolia and oak.
In three parts milk, floral tones are amplified, and cocoa notes are integrated with roasty-sweet aromatic wood.
Delicate, sweetly tart.
Lemon drop, roasted cacao nib, pink peppercorn, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of lemon drop and cocoa, with a hint of pink peppercorn.
Enchantingly rich, intensely floral, unique.
Dried black cherry, tea rose, Cognac, chocolate fudge, gently scorched almond wood in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-savory in structure with crisp, apple-toned acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
Exceptionally long finish that carries over all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup, plus an umami intrigue akin to candied bacon.
Fruit-toned, richly chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, dried blueberry, freesia-like flowers, honey, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to blueberry and chocolate notes, with a hint of cedar.
Richly spiced-toned, deeply sweet.
Dried apricot, molasses, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with engaging, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The short finish leads with dried apricot and dark chocolate, followed in the long by jasmine and pink peppercorn.
Delicately floral and fruit-toned.
Honeysuckle, honeydew melon, lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with playful, bright acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned honeysuckle and melon.
Deeply sweet, rich-toned.
Apricot, baker’s chocolate, honeysuckle, oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to apricot and baker’s chocolate, with hints of honeysuckle.
Delicately opulent.
Honey, lemon blossom, cocoa, fresh pipe tobacco, a hint of roasted nut in aroma and cup.
Very sweet, gently crisp in structure; buoyant, almost levitating in mouthfeel.
Quietly resonant, cocoa-toned in the finish.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Roasted cacao nib, tamarind, tangerine zest, freesia-like flowers, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant finish centers on notes of cocoa-toned tamarind and freesia.
Richly sweet, spicy, tobacco-toned.
Pipe tobacco, almond brittle, ginger blossom, mango, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with vanilla-toned pipe tobacco and ginger blossom.
Bright, richly sweet-savory.
Red currant, hop flowers, fresh-cut cedar, roasted cacao nib, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with resonant, high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The lingering finish leads with red currant and almond brittle in the short, settling to cacao nib and hop flowers in the long.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Apricot, wild honey, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is resonant with all the aroma and flavor notes of the cup, leading with apricot and lilac in the short and cocoa-toned sandalwood in the long, all sustained by a deep, honeyish sweetness.
Elegantly fruit-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, dried fig, oak, narcissus-like flowers, molasses in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with balanced, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of dried fig and molasses supported by a rich dark chocolate.
Cleanly fruit-toned, delicately rich.
Rum cordial, orange zest, coconut, plum, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plump, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The inviting finish leads with coconut and plum in the short, with notes of cedar and rum cordial returning in the long.
Delicate, sweetly savory.
Red currant, honeysuckle, roasted cacao nib, agave syrup, eucalyptus in aroma and cup.
Lively acidity lifts the sweet-savory structure; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of red currant, eucalyptus and cacao nib.
Fruit-forward, crisply sweet.
Peach, grapefruit zest, hazelnut, molasses, oak in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of peach, grapefruit zest and oak.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet.
Narcissus, plum, cedar, cashew butter, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with soft acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with plum and narcissus notes in the short, consolidating to cashew and cedar in the long.
Fruit-forward, sweetly herbaceous.
Raspberry coulis, lemon verbena, cacao nib, sandalwood, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to raspberry and cocoa with a sandalwood throughline underneath.
Citrusy and spice-toned.
Lemon verbena, gardenia-like flowers, sandalwood, caramel, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart in structure with vibrant acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to lemon verbena and sandalwood in the short, with caramel resurfacing in the long.
Delicately fruit-toned, richly cocoa-driven.
Ripe strawberry, dark chocolate,  almond, freesia-like flowers, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes promised by the cup.
Deftly roast-touched, richly chocolaty.
Singed sandalwood, dark chocolate, dried mango, saffron, dahlia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure with rich, vibrant acidity; viscous, silky mouthfeel.
Quiet, chocolate- and floral-toned finish with a hint of saffron.
Delicate, richly floral, sweetly spice-toned.
Almond nougat, white peach, pink peppercorn, wisteria-like flowers, fragrant sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish centers around peach, wisteria and sandalwood.
Delicate, sweetly herbaceous.
Cocoa nib, bergamot, narcissus-like flowers, black tea, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with rich, citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is redolent with notes of bergamot and narcissus in the short, cocoa-toned cedar in the long.
Bright, crisp, sweetly tart.
Citrus medley, cacao nib, pink peppercorn, dogwood, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The short finish is intense with notes of citrus and pink peppercorn, while the long softens to almond-toned florals.
Deeply sweet, richly savory.
Dark chocolate, pistachio, red currant jam, honeysuckle, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly savory structure with elegant, lilting acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and red currant, with undertones of crisp marjoram.
Fruit-forward, richly chocolaty.
Raspberry coulis, chocolate fudge, brandy, cedar, mace in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish: think berries enveloped in chocolate, with a hint of mace in the long.
High-toned, balanced, crisply sweet.
Apricot, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, honey, rhododendron in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich finish is centered around notes of dark chocolate and tangerine zest, with vanilla-toned florals.
Bright, crisply sweet, chocolaty.
Lemon blossom, nougat, roasted cacao nib, pomegranate, violet in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around cocoa and lightly-expressed citrus notes.
Wild, unruly, utterly brilliant and original.
Intensely and intricately floral-toned: opulent lily through delicate violet with a shifting bouquet of possibilities between.
At the heart of aroma and flavor is a cidery, brandyish compote of fruit--apple, passion fruit, lychee--rounded by a fine, cocoa-toned chocolate.
The structure is shifty, simultaneously sweet, crisply bitterish and tart, the mouthfeel plump and syrupy.
The finish rings on with continuing layers of fruit, flowers, cocoa and coconut.
Floral-toned, richly sweet.
Narcissus, roasted cacao nib, toffee, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish centers around cocoa-toned narcissus and apricot.
Deep, richly sweet-savory.
Black currant, fine musk, toffee, jasmine, celery seed in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish is equal parts sweet-leaning (black currant, toffee, jasmine) and savory (musk, celery seed).
Spiced-toned, richly floral.
Wisteria, sweet lime zest, date, white peppercorn, cocoa powder in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with punchy acidity; crisp, lively, satiny mouthfeel.
The short finish suggests a cannabis-like pungency, while cocoa and wisteria notes carry into the long.
Richly bittersweet, complexly fruit-toned.
Chocolate fudge, dried mulberry, candied pink grapefruit zest, pistachio brittle, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and dried mulberry, with a pleasingly bittersweet pink grapefruit throughline.
Evaluated as espresso.
Floral-toned, sweetly roast-deep.
Frangipane, chocolate fudge, black currant, jasmine, gently scorched cedar in aroma and small cup.
Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; the rich, resonant finish centers around notes of black currant and jasmine with with hints of salted fudge.
In three parts milk, chocolate and floral tones bloom richly, and black currant deepens.
Crisp, high-toned, richly sweet.
Strawberry, cocoa powder, honeysuckle, cedar, cashew butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to cocoa and honeysuckle with a throughline of rich, cedar-like aromatic wood.
Richly spice-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, peppercorn medley, dried persimmon, gardenia, singed oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with mild acidity; satiny, surprisingly full mouthfeel.
Crisp, cocoa-laden finish with gardenia and persimmon as supporting undertones.
Bright, richly sweet.
Jasmine, guava, pine nut, maple syrup, Nutella in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Floral-toned in the short finish, chocolaty in the long.
Bright, crisp, sweetly tart.
Apricot, almond, cocoa nib, cedar, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
A quietly rich finish centers around apricot and honey, with cocoa nuance.
Fruit-centered, crisply sweet.
Bing cherry, magnolia, oak, agave syrup, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; satiny, full mouthfeel.
The short finish leads with notes of cherry and baker’s chocolate, rounding to deep, low-toned flowers in the long.
High-toned, deeply sweet.
Mango, gardenia, fresh-cut pine, molasses, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with pert, lively acidity; viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is redolent with mango and hazelnut.
Balanced, fruit-toned, deeply sweet.
Mulberry, wine barrel, dark chocolate, sandalwood, freesia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with wine-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with mulberry and dark chocolate, supported by spice-toned aromatic wood and freesia-like flowers.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Lemon verbena, mango, cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant, lingering finish centers around cocoa-toned mango and almond.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet and complexly engaging.
Black cherry, dark caramel, hazelnut, magnolia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Caramelly finish, with hazelnut and magnolia in the foreground.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Apricot, almond, maple syrup, narcissus-like flower, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish: apricot and narcissus in the short with cedar resurfacing in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, cocoa-toned.
Apricot, cocoa nib, maple syrup, jasmine, hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory in structure with pert acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Rich, resonant finish that leads with apricot and jasmine in the short, rounding to crisp cocoa nib in the long.
Fruit-toned, richly sweet.
Dried mango, coconut, freesia, honey, fir, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with winy acidity; creamy mouthfeel.
The fruit-forward character carries into the finish, where aromatic wood notes are also amplified.
Richly sweet with savory undertones.
Mulberry, rhododendron, agave syrup, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish is carried by notes of mulberry, rhododendron and thyme.
Nuanced, multi-layered, richly sweet-savory.
Black currant, dark chocolate, sweet marjoram, narcissus, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with savory underpinnings; vibrant, juicy acidity.
The saturated finish consolidates to black currant, chocolate and marjoram.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Star jasmine, mango chutney, sandalwood, cacao nib, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with crisp acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
A richly drying finish leads with notes of jasmine and mango, supported by hints of incense-like sandalwood.
Multi-layered and expressive.
Star jasmine, cherry, maple syrup, cocoa nib, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of jasmine and almond in the short, with cocoa-toned cherry returning in the long.
Lush, deeply floral, resonantly tropical.
Plumeria, coconut, dark chocolate, tamarind, frankincense in aroma and cup.
The structure is superbly balanced among sweet, savory and tart, with juicy-bright acidity.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The seemingly eternal finish sustains all of the flavor notes from the cup in ringing harmony.
Deep, rich, pungent.
Fresh cantaloupe, tangerine zest, caramelly chocolate, sandalwood, magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Roundly and sweetly brisk in structure; satiny in mouthfeel.
Fruit, floral and sandalwood carry into a crisply drying though sweet-toned finish.
Sweetly pungent, earthy.
Moist, fresh-fallen leaves, orange zest, fresh-cut pine, cocoa, lily in aroma and cup.
Richly tart in structure, with a savory edge.
Light but buoyant mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates around cocoa, orange and a deep, lily-like floral note.
Brightly sweet, deeply pungent.
Fine musk, black currant, baker’s chocolate, violet, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates around musk and currant notes with a hint of baker’s chocolate.
Richly sweet-savory.
Passionfruit, dark chocolate, hop flowers, almond butter, wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Deep sweet-savory structure with wine-like acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp, richly fruit-toned finish with a throughline of dark chocolate.
Rich, crisp and spicy.
Complex aroma and flavor: blackcurrant, dried blackberry, sandalwood, blood orange zest, lavender.
Deeply pungent in structure.
Long, resonant finish; a cocoa hint surfaces to complicate orangy citrus and lavender-like floral notes.
Crisply sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Cocoa powder, black cherry, sweet kabocha squash, freesia-like flowers, lemongrass in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa and lemongrass with a throughline of kabocha squash.
Deep, sweet, gently roasty.
Orange zest, scorched cedar, cocoa, roasted cashew, a hint of lily in aroma and cup.
Roasty pungent but sweet in structure; plush and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, richly drying in the finish.
Deeply sweet, richly drying, complexly sweet-savory.
Nutella, sumac, oak, clove, loquat, hop blossom in aroma and cup.
Rounded and rich though drying in structure; brisk, juicy acidity.
Very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The short finish consolidates around prominent oak and sumac with hints of cocoa and fruit.
The long turns rather dry, though remains resonant.
Richly fruit-toned, musky sweet.
Raspberry jam, fine musk, apple brandy, hop flowers, almond in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-tart-savory in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp, resonant finish with raspberry, brandy and hops carrying into the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly savory-leaning, deeply sweet.
Tamarind, dark chocolate, sunchoke, wisteria, almond butter in aroma and small cup.
Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; cocoa- and nut-toned finish.
In three parts milk, sweet and savory present in particularly harmonious balance.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Baker’s chocolate, spice box, narcissus-like flowers, almond, peach in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers on notes of baker’s chocolate and almond with a hint of sweet flowers.
Richly sweet, cocoa- and fruit-toned.
Concord grape, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish that highlights fruit and cocoa tones.
Shifting, original, startling in its giddy intricacy.
Winey pine (think retsina wine), cocoa powder, green apple, Concord grape, ginger blossom, much more in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and delicately pungent in structure.
Lightly syrupy and almost effervescently buoyant in mouthfeel.
The winey pine character and a floral sweetness carry persuasively into a crisp finish.
Delicate, sweetly pungent.
Apple-brandy reduction, hazelnut, lime zest, freesia and fir in aroma and cup.
Low-toned, savory-edged structure with gently tart acidity; smooth, lightly creamy mouthfeel.
Quietly rich-toned finish, with a hint of tart apple in the long.
Richly sweet, subtly earth-toned, lightly roasty.
Distinct dark chocolate, black cherry, fresh-turned loam, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart in structure, with a savory bottom.
Lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The loamy earth notes and dark chocolate dominate in a very sweet, layered finish.
Richly and vivaciously sweet-savory.
Pipe tobacco, date, grapefruit zest, spearmint, rose-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart and deeply savory, almost meaty in structure.
Syrupy but crisply drying mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates around grapefruit, spearmint and rose in a savory-bottomed, lasting finish.
Soft, balanced: cocoa and nuts.
Baking chocolate, tangerine zest, nut (hazelnut, pistachio), fresh-cut pine in aroma and cup.
Delicately brisk in structure; light though silky mouthfeel.
Finish is resonant but drying, consolidating around unsweetened chocolate and nut.
Vibrant, juicy, brightly fruit-toned and spicily floral.
Wild strawberry, honey, dried gardenia, pistachio butter, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, fresh acidity; viscous, lively mouthfeel.
The finish amplifies rich floral and fruit with support from deep spice and earthy honey suggestions.
Floral and sweetly herbaceous with richly framed depth.
Jasmine, spearmint, chocolate, watermelon, fine musk in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish centers around chocolate and jasmine with musk undertones.
Sweetly spice-toned, richly chocolaty.
Salted chocolate, hop flowers, Concord grape, ginger, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with fruit-forward, wine-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with Concord grape and ginger in the short, followed by hops in the long, all bound by a throughline of savory-sweet chocolate and aged grappa.
Classic, balanced, rich-toned.
Honeysuckle, red currant, toffee, dried coconut, mango in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to toffee-toned red currant in the short and coconut in the long.
Richly fruit-toned, complexly layered.
Cacao nib, jujube (red date), marjoram, freesia-like flowers, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The rich, long finish is flavor-saturated, consolidating to cocoa, fresh tobacco and marjoram.
Crisply sweet, fruit- and spice-toned.
Apricot, oak, baker’s chocolate, freesia, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with a tart lift and lively acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around crisp stone fruit and aromatic wood notes, with a hint of spicy flowers underneath.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced.
Rose hips, almond nougat, orange zest, apricot, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to pretty notes of nougat and apricot, with a hint of cedar.
High-toned sweetness, crisply tart, pleasantly salty-edged.
Dried apricot, tamarind, salted chocolate, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Gently low-toned with balanced tart and salty/savory structure; briskly juicy acidity.
Full, buttery mouthfeel.
Flavor simplifies in the finish, with hints of salted cocoa and dry cedar carrying into the long.
Unorthodox but coherent and compelling.
Pungent rose, fresh fennel frond, ripe cantaloupe, walnut, marshmallow in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet-savory in structure, with an impressively smooth, plush mouthfeel.
Rose-like flowers prevail in a deeply rich finish.
Very sweet, floral, deeply rich.
Date, tangerine zest, fresh pipe tobacco, freesia-like flowers, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Complex and deeply rich structure; roundly tart acidity.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is dry but rings with rich tobacco and unsweetened chocolate far into the long.
Very sweet, richly perfumed, wood-framed.
Pipe-tobacco, lychee fruit, spice box, freesia-like flowers, amber and musk in aroma and cup.
Richly, densely composed structure, crisply tart acidity.
Impressively syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates pleasantly into a slightly drying though rich-toned, spicy tobacco.
Richly sweet, cocoa-toned.
Dark chocolate, apricot, hazelnut, lilac, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with rounded acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is thoroughly chocolaty with undertones of apricot and hazelnut.
Deeply sweet, intensely pungent.
Dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, wisteria, maple syrup, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-toned in structure with lively, juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is long and satisfying: flavor-saturated, floral-, chocolate- and fruit-toned, harmoniously balanced.
Elegant, tropical, rich-toned.
Strawberry guava, honeysuckle, almond, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with bright, vibrant acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Lingering notes of strawberry and honeysuckle in the delicate finish.
Juicy, bright, deeply and richly sweet.
Dried strawberry, toffee, lilac, myrrh, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vivacious acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of strawberry and toffee.
Richly savory-sweet, balanced, layered and lively.
Red currant, maple syrup, honeysuckle, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-savory structure with juicy, confident acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, flavor-saturated finish centers around red fruit and sweet-spicy floral notes.
Cleanly fruit-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Raspberry, freesia, oak, pistachio, cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
Raspberry and freesia notes animate the elegant, crisply sweet finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deep, rich, chocolaty.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, molasses, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Satiny smooth mouthfeel; crisp, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Chocolate leads in three parts milk, followed by notes of molasses and hazelnut.
A complex and overwhelming aromatic immersion.
Pink bubblegum, winter spices, salted fudge, candied ginger, elderflower, herbal liqueur (yellow chartreuse?) in aroma and cup.
The structure is dramatic: basic tastes are all disconcertingly intense, including sweet, salt and savory, yet they all somehow layer and satisfy.
Very full and syrupy mouthfeel with a spicy drying edge.
The finish is resonant, slightly bittersweet though chocolaty and rich.
Elaborate, vibrant, exhilarating.
Dark chocolate truffle, strawberry guava, candied ginger, lilac, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart structure with bright, succulent acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is zesty in the short and cocoa- and floral-toned in the long.
Richly bittersweet with pleasing savory undertones.
Milk chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, narcissus, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, resonant finish with notes of milk chocolate and hop flowers.
Evaluated as espresso.
Round, balanced; softly and sweetly tart.
Mango, orange zest, pistachio, cedar, cocoa.
Satiny mouthfeel.
Cedar, nut and cocoa carry into a resonant, lightly drying finish.
Custardy orange and chocolate dominate in three parts milk.
Evaluated as espresso.
Exquisitely aromatic: high-toned, savory and impossibly floral.
Toffee, dried black currant, myrrh, lavender, fine musk in aroma and small cup.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; big, complex finish that is equal parts sweet and savory.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, a whole new mid-palate is created, something akin to a mushroom custard.
Rich-toned, deeply floral.
Honeysuckle, nectarine, pink peppercorn, oak, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Spice-toned finish with pretty floral and citrus notes.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, with a hint of sweet ferment.
Baker’s chocolate, plum, narcissus, barrel-aged rum, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Richly drying, flavor-saturated finish.
Floral-toned, richly sweet.
Wisteria, toffee, lime zest, frankincense, apricot in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with confident, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The crisp finish consolidates to notes of toffee and lime zest with undertones of frankincense.
Deeply rich, equally sweet and savory.
Brown sugar, hop flowers, toasted coconut, chestnut, sumac in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to coconut and chestnut with undertones of brown sugar.
Richly fruit-toned, chocolaty.
Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, almond, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit- and chocolate-centered in the finish as well, with pretty freesia notes.
Evaluated as espresso.
Cocoa-toned, deeply sweet.
Cocoa powder, date, cedar, apricot, blood orange zest in aroma and small cup.
Big, creamy mouthfeel; the finish is redolent of cocoa and citrus zest.
In cappucino-scaled milk, cocoa tones are amplified, as are notes of stone fruit and citrus.
Deeply sweet, elegantly rich.
Mulberry, sandalwood, tangerine zest, jasmine, baking spices in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The seemingly infinite finish fulfills the promise of the cup, leading with deep berry and citrus zest, rounding to floral-toned spice.
Crisply sweet, richly savory, vibrant.
Red currant, jasmine, maple syrup, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup.
The structure is harmoniously sweet-tart-savory with juicy, lively acidity.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish centers around red currant and sandalwood with a hint of jasmine in the long.
Very sweet, tart, musky and rich.
Sugarcane, orange zest, ripe peach, gardenia, myrhh in aroma, with elegant tobacco and cocoa also emerging in the cup.
Structure is deeply sweet-savory, with juicy acidity; gently drying, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is crisp and rich: cocoa, tobacco, florals and citrus zest carry into the long.
Balanced, crisply sweet.
Cocoa, peach, oak, almond, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned, brisk structure with a savory edge; soft, plush mouthfeel.
Peach, nut and oak carry into a sweet-toned though roundly drying finish.
Deeply rich, sweet, complex.
Cocoa nib, ripe persimmon, tangerine zest, gardenia and myrrh in aroma and small cup.
Rich, lightly velvety mouthfeel; crisp, cocoa-toned finish.
In three parts milk, aromatics carry through distinctly with balanced pungency and sweetness.
Richly sweet, fruit-forward.
Dried peach, baker’s chocolate, jasmine, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Long, lingering finish that centers around dried peach and chocolate notes, supported by cedar-like wood.
Richly sweet, fruit- and floral-toned.
Blueberry, narcissus, agave syrup, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; plushly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of blueberry and narcissus in the short, rounding to aromatic wood-framed chocolate in the long.
Sweetly floral and richly resinous.
Cedar, lemon zest, dried jasmine, cacao nib, loquat in aroma and cup.
Delicate, sweetly brisk in structure; silky and lively in mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates around cedar and cocoa in a crisp, drying finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly roast-toned; floral and chocolaty.
Gently scorched cedar, baker’s chocolate, narcissus-like flowers, mango, spearmint in aroma and small cup.
Satiny mouthfeel; chocolate and spicy roast notes carry in a dry but lasting finish.
The crisp chocolate dominates in three parts milk, with continuing hints of flowers and mango-like fruit.
Richly sweet, deeply savory, elegantly balanced.
Dried apricot, maple syrup, narcissus, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart-savory in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of dried apricot and cacao nib in the short, rounding to narcissus and sandalwood in the long.
Lavish, captivatingly complex, deeply savory-sweet.
Candycap mushroom, lilac, dark chocolate, dried coconut, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Structurally, the savory component, which is typically an undertone, occupies the top of the aromatic and flavor range, with deep sweetness (fruit, florals) underneath.
The mouthfeel is lively and richly syrupy.
The seemingly eternal finish is a quiet mirror of the cup.
High-toned, richly savory-sweet.
Red currant, hop flowers, dark chocolate, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Rich, savory-sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resoundingly long, flavor-saturated finish.
Cleanly fruit-toned, deeply rich.
Dried raspberry, toffee, molasses, cedar, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
Impressively resonant, multi-layered finish.
Crisp, citrusy, deeply sweet.
Lemon verbena, cacao nib, agave syrup, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, lively acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of citrus-toned cocoa and freesia.
Mild though intricately deep; sweet, savory, rich.
Cocoa, hemp-seed, scorched clove, fig, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Quiet but well-composed sweet/savory structure; light though nicely satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is resonant and gently drying.
Deeply sweet, pungent, with a very slight roasty edge.
Cedar, dark chocolate, candied walnut, dried peach, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and roundly brisk in structure; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Chocolate dominates in the short finish, cedar in the long.
A deep sweetness and considerable complexity resonate impressively inside a bitter-savory structure.
Hints of blueberry and guava, spearmint, cocoa, rose, a hint of clove in aroma and cup.
Fully, syrupy mouthfeel.
Flavor carries persuasively into a rich though bittersweet finish.
Fruit-driven, sweetly savory.
Dried raspberry, baker’s chocolate, hop flowers, grappa barrel, cedar in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with round, accessible acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and lily with a hint of grappa barrel.
Complex, chocolaty, richly sweet.
Dark chocolate, guava, butterscotch, honeysuckle, ginger blossom in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, resounding finish that carries over all the notes from the cup, in particular foregrounding guava and dark chocolate.
Delicately fruit-toned.
Persimmon, rose hips, cacao nib, lemon verbena, saltwater taffy in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-savory structure with fruit-driven acidity; vibrant, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to persimmon and rose hips with cocoa undertones.
Evaluated as espresso.
Nuanced, floral-toned, richly sweet.
Wisteria, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, cedar, black cherry in aroma and small cup.
Lightly syrupy, crisp mouthfeel; gently drying, cocoa-and wood-framed finish.
Notes of wisteria are foregrounded in three parts milk, supported by chocolate fudge and almond.
Roast-rounded, savory-sweet.
Ripe tomato, baker’s chocolate, scorched oak, toffee, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-savory structure with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of sweet tomato and baker’s chocolate with a hint of magnolia.
Bittersweet, rich-toned.
Date, grapefruit zest, hazelnut, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is framed by aromatic wood notes (cedar) with date and hazelnut undertones and a throughline of grapefruit zest.
Subtly and sweetly intense: flowers and cocoa.
Lavender, cocoa, honey, candied nut, lemon zest, much more in aroma and cup.
Richly and sweetly pungent in structure; light though plush and satiny in mouthfeel.
A quiet, layered finish consolidates around lemon and lavender.
Exceptionally high-toned, delicately fruit-centered, intricately balanced.
Mulberry, coconut, sandalwood, dark chocolate, lilac in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; delicate but plush, mouth-filling texture.
The finish is a gentle reminder of everything the cup offers, in particular mulberry, coconut, and lilac.
Impeccably floral and cocoa-toned with a savory throughline.
Chocolate fudge, wisteria, Asian pear, hazelnut butter, white peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with floral acidity; velvety-smooth, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish centers around spice-toned chocolate (think dark chocolate with peppercorns) and wisteria.
Rich, complex, very deeply sweet.
Honey, lilac, guava, frankincense, cacao nib in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; crisp, full, satiny mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish is both sweetly floral and invitingly tart.
Richly sweet-savory, deeply floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, bergamot, toffee, myrrh, a hint of fresh coriander in aroma and cup.
Balanced, structure (sweet-savory) with citrusy acidity; plump, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates around notes of honeysuckle and myrrh with a hint of toffee in the long.
Subtly and sweetly rich, deeply savory.
Goji berry, cocoa nib, myrrh, fine musk, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with perfume and cocoa notes, with deep richness into the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, sweetly tart, floral- and nut-toned.
Nougat, cherry, wisteria, almond wood, sweet lime in aroma and small cup.
Nicely syrupy, crisp mouthfeel.
The finish simplifies around an attractively tart and nutty resonance.
The florals, tart elegance and rich-toned nuttiness carry with grace and delicacy into three parts milk.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned.
Cacao nib, pie cherry, lilac, cedar, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of tart stonefruit and cacao nib.
Rich-toned, chocolaty, exquisitely balanced.
Chocolate fudge, pink grapefruit zest, cherry, sandalwood, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge and citrus-toned sandalwood.
Richly and pungently zesty.
Blackberry, baker’s chocolate, mixed peppercorn, violet, lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Brisk and deeply rich-toned structure with a lemon and floral inflection; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Lemon and violet with a hint of cocoa in the long, dry finish.
Briskly and richly pungent.
Dark chocolate, date, cherry tomato, violet, hints of herbs and spices (sage, cumin, cinnamon) in aroma and small cup.
Light and silky, though gently drying mouthfeel.
Crisp, quietly resonant finish.
Distinctively tart, floral-toned and rich in three parts milk.
High-toned, sweetly tart, deeply savory.
Jasmine, dark chocolate, lemon verbena, pink grapefruit zest, candycap mushroom in aroma and cup.
Balanced sweet-tart-savory structure; lyrical, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish leads with citrus notes (lemon verbena, grapefruit) in the short, rounding to deep chocolate and sweet mushroom in the long.
Sweetly fruit-toned, accessibly fermenty.
Raspberry coulis, dark chocolate, hop flowers, wine barrel, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet in structure with a tangy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is all fruit and chocolate enhanced by a quiet sweet ferment.
Crisp, delicate, richly sweet.
Red plum, cocoa nib, jasmine, sandalwood, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with vivacious acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned plum and a hint of jasmine animate the quiet finish.
High-toned, multi-layered, intriguingly complex.
Wisteria, pineapple, myrrh, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel.
The resounding, flavor-laden finish is both deeply floral and richly sweet-tart.
Richly sweet, cleanly fruit-driven, floral-toned.
Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, gardenia, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp though syrupy mouthfeel.
A resonant finish centers around raspberry and chocolate with hints of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso.
Floral-toned, richly sweet.
Honeysuckle, cashew, oak, fig newton, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; resonant, floral-toned finish with a hint of spice notes.
Three parts milk foregrounds sweet nut and dark chocolate, backed up by sweet spice notes suggesting pink peppercorn.
Sweet-toned, richly nutty.
Cashew butter, date, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish consolidates around notes of cashew and magnolia.
Evaluated as espresso.
Sweet-toned, balanced.
Black cherry, fir, hazelnut, baker’s chocolate, gardenia in aroma and small cup.
Full, creamy body; gentle, chocolaty finish.
Dark chocolate notes are amplified in three parts milk, with notes of black cherry and hazelnut underneath.
Delicate, richly sweet, fruit-centered.
Dried strawberry, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of dried strawberry and fresh-cut fir with crisp chocolate undertones.
Evaluated as espresso.
Very rich and deeply sweet.
Dark chocolate, dried cherry, singed cedar, lilac, candy cap mushroom with layered complexity in aroma and small cup.
Very thick, syrupy mouthfeel; the finish consolidates to smoky cocoa and sweetly savory mushroom.
In three parts milk, the cup is very chocolaty, sweet and floral with an umami throughline.
Vibrant, floral, richly sweet.
Jasmine, white peach, almond, oak, lime zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with notes of white peach and jasmine with undertones of oak.
Rich-toned, deeply chocolaty and fruity with savory undertones.
Chocolate fudge, ripe wild strawberry, honey, macadamia nut, fine Roquefort cheese.
Sweet-savory in structure enlivened by bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Savory-sweet finish with notes of fine Roquefort, strawberry, and chocolate fudge.
Richly spicy, musky, chocolaty.
Mexican chocolate (cocoa nib, vanilla, cinnamon, sugar), dried parsley, nutmeg, musk in aroma and cup.
Crisp and piquant in structure; light, silky mouthfeel.
The impressive finish is drying yet quite sweet, saturated with chocolate, cinnamon and musk suggestions.
Intense, spicy-sweet, chocolaty.
Mexican chocolate (cocoa nib, vanilla, cinnamon, sugar), oak, orange zest, juniper berry or a light whiff of gin in aroma and cup.
Sweet but crisp and balanced in structure, with a savory bottom.
Light, though quite syrupy, mouthfeel.
Cinnamon dominates in the short finish, but cocoa comes forward in a sweet and long-lasting finish.
Bright, intensely pungent, oddly engaging.
Spearmint, blueberry, fresh yogurt, sweet cocoa, musk in aroma and cup.
Tart and bittersweet in structure; in mouthfeel, syrupy and plush.
The finish consolidates richly around suggestions of sweet cocoa and fresh yogurt, with a very slight suggestion of earthy decay.
Sweet, heavy, musky and perfumy.
Elderflowers, fresh cilantro, strawberry-flavored yogurt, lime, musk in aroma and cup.
Intensely sweet in structure but balanced by a distinctly crisp, bitter edge.
Light, satiny mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates in a sweet though drying finish.
Richly sweet-savory, spice- and floral-toned.
Black cherry, tangerine zest, gardenia, marjoram, a hint of bay leaf in aroma and cup.
In structure, sweet-tart and juicy with a savory depth.
Syrupy and plush in mouthfeel; spicy flowers lead in a quietly flavor-saturated finish.
Bright, richly sweet-savory.
Blackberry, jasmine, oak, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with lively, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish leads with blackberry and jasmine in the short; pink peppercorn and cocoa nib resurface in the long.
Crisp, bright, savory-sweet.
Cashew brittle, lemon blossom, tamarind, cedar, herbed goat cheese in aroma and cup.
Tart-savory structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with notes of citrus, sweet nuts and herbs.
Brightly fruit-toned, tropical, and aromatically vibrant.
Lychee, passionfruit, dark chocolate, frankincense, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resounding flavor-saturated finish with layer after layer of fruit far into the long.
Richly sweet, vibrantly bright.
Pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, apricot, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; delicately silky mouthfeel.
The gentle finish centers around notes of apricot and cocoa nib supported by rich hazelnut and hints of cedar.
Crisply sweet, cleanly fruit-toned.
Dried strawberry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with crisp, apple-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish evokes dried strawberry and wood-framed honeysuckle.
Richly and cleanly fruit-toned, chocolaty.
Dried fig, chocolate fudge, molasses, oak, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-tart in structure with high-toned, crisp acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant flavor-saturated finish centers around fig and chocolate suggestions.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, sweetly tart, cleanly fruit-forward.
Raspberry, chocolate fudge, sandalwood, narcissus, almond butter in aroma and small cup.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
In cappuccino scaled milk, this attractive natural-processed coffee reads like trifle dessert: raspberry with dark chocolate.
Deeply sweet, crisply herb-toned.
Lemon verbena, plum, baking chocolate, hazelnut, honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish with lemon verbena and baking chocolate front and center.
Richly sweet-savory, vibrant.
Cocoa nib, red currant, cedar, maple syrup, magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet, savory-edged structure with bright acidity; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel.
Cocoa dominates in the finish, supported by red currant and cedar.
Richly sweet berry-toned.
Ripe strawberry, lilac, sandalwood, cocao nib, hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned sandalwood characterizes the resonant finish.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet.
Passionfruit, agave syrup, narcissus, dark chocolate, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of passionfruit, dark chocolate and sandalwood.
Evaluated as espresso.
Charred oak, baking chocolate, calla lily, browned butter and black cherry in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, lightly velvety mouthfeel; the finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black cherry.
In three parts milk, calla lily-like flowers and baking chocolate are amplified, while black cherry notes resurface in the long finish.
Crisply sweet, richly tart-savory.
Dried apricot, marjoram, wild honey, oak, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Balanced sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to dried apricot and marjoram with undertones of honey.
Deeply and richly sweet, resonantly juicy.
Red currant, lavender, dark chocolate, sandalwood, fine musk in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Both the aromatics and poised structure carry far into the finish with finesse and persistence.
High-toned, sweetly tart.
Maple syrup, almond butter, dried apricot, cocoa nib, baking spices in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish centers on maple syrup and dried apricot in the short and cocoa-toned almond butter in the long, with a hint of baking spices.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory, vibrant.
Cocoa nib, black currant, myrrh, apricot, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet, savory-edged structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around apricot and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and myrrh in the long.
Delicate, berry-toned, richly sweet.
Raspberry, honey, narcissus-like flowers, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lively, full mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and almond, supported by sweet floral hints.
Deeply sweet, richly nut-toned.
Hazelnut butter, magnolia-like flowers, crisp pear, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to deep nut and rich aromatic wood.
Delicately sweet, bright-toned.
Lemon zest, rhododendron, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, molasses in aroma and cup.
Gentle, lively acidity; light, satiny mouthfeel.
Lemon zest and chocolate carry into a sweet, gently drying finish.
Delicate, sweet-toned.
Apricot, fresh-cut fir, magnolia, hazelnut, cocoa powder in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with lively acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish is richly drying with notes of hazelnut, fir and cocoa powder.
Crisply sweet, citrus- and cocoa-toned.
Cocoo nib, pink grapefruit zest, cedar, narcissus, plum in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of citrus-toned cocoa and narcissus.
Floral-toned, bright, citrusy.
Star jasmine, bergamot, sandalwood, maple syrup, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with undertones on bergamot and star jasmine.
Cocoa-toned, deeply and richly sweet.
Cocoa nib, lemon blossom, black currant, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; creamy-full mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa and black currant.
Rich-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, narcissus-like flowers, date, cedar, blood orange zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with balanced acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The rich, long finish centers on dark chocolate bordering on fudge and exceptionally sweet florals.
Delicate, berry-toned, deeply sweet.
Wild strawberry, honey, freesia-like flowers, oak, almond paste in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the notes from the cup, wild strawberry and almond in particular.
Delicate, floral-toned.
Narcissus-like flowers, honey, cocoa nib, apricot, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich, floral-laden finish is rife with supporting notes of apricot and cocoa nib.
High-toned, richly fruit-forward, balanced.
Strawberry guava, jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, bright acidity; vibrantly plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around guava and jasmine notes with undertones of cocoa nib.
Deeply sweet, subtly tart, nuanced.
Ripe blueberry, freesia-like flowers, almond, fresh-cut cedar, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweetly fruit-toned structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and nougat with undertones of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, sweetly tart, high-toned.
Black cherry, chocolate fudge, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, sandalwood in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; resonant fruit-toned finish.
Particularly floral-saturated in three parts milk, with dark chocolate and cherry undertones.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, deeply sweet.
Strawberry jam, cocoa nib, ginger flower, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers on strawberry and cocoa notes supported by spice-toned florals.
Cocoa- and fruit-driven.
Dark chocolate, dried apricot, gently scorched oak, lime zest, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to wood-framed dark chocolate and dried apricot.
Musk-toned, fruit-forward.
Passion fruit, fine musk, dark chocolate, watermelon candy, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
High-toned, sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; creamy, plush mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of passion fruit and fine musk.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Dried apricot, tangerine zest, almond, narcissus-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is richly bittersweet and long, centered on notes of tangerine zest and cedar.
Delicate, crisply sweet.
Pear, lilac, cocoa nib, maple syrup, oak in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet, cocoa-toned finish is animated by suggestions of pear and maple syrup.
Vibrantly sweet, resonantly floral, cocoa-toned.
Lavender, cocoa nib, kumquat, fine musk, toffee in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated finish that sustains each note from the cup in long, ringing clarity.
Delicate, complex, multi-layered.
Bergamot, dark chocolate, nougat, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The floral- and fruit-driven finish is supported by chocolate and aromatic wood notes.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty, gently smoky.
Persimmon, dark chocolate, almond butter, gardenia, gently scorched oak in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; resonant finish centered around chocolate and almond notes with a hint of scorched oak.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate and almond notes are highlighted with sweet persimmon as backdrop.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty.
Chocolate fudge, red currant, wisteria, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisp, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
Quiet finish centered around notes of chocolate, wisteria and cedar.
Crisply sweet, delicately tart.
Pomegranate, grapefruit zest, magnolia, elm, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Rich-toned finish with notes of pomegranate and magnolia in the short and maple syrup in the long.
Delicately sweet, floral toned.
Narcissus, plum, cedar, cocoa nib, almond in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet in structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, richly drying finish with notes of narcissus and cocoa nib.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet.
Date, magnolia, hazelnut, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of date, hazelnut and cedar.
Sweetly wood-framed, spice-toned.
Fresh-cut fir, date, baking chocolate, freesia, black peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with low-toned acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish supported by notes of date and baking chocolate.
Richly sweet, roast-rounded.
Dark chocolate, gardenia, gently scorched cedar, red plum, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with little discernible acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
A chocolate-driven finish is supported by notes dark chocolate, gardenia and hazelnut.
Cleanly fruit-toned, aromatic wood-framed.
Strawberry, sandalwood, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, fruity acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and citrus-toned.
Orange zest, cocoa powder, magnolia, almond, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with supporting notes of orange zest and cocoa powder.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa powder, scorched fir, raisin, hazelnut, a sweet-sour yogurt-like hint in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with pert acidity; smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of scorched fir and raisin.
Roast-dominant, smoky-sweet.
Dark chocolate, burned mesquite, lily, prune, fresh earth in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; heavy, smooth mouthfeel.
Persistent dark chocolate notes lift a rather bitter, earthy finish.
Deeply and sweetly pungent; layered and intricate.
Dark chocolate, raspberry, freesia, port wine, a hint of fresh, fragrant tobacco in aroma and cup.
Balanced, quietly forceful in its sweet-savory structure; light but exceptionally silky in mouthfeel.
All notes ring on in a layered, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet, fruit- and floral toned.
Nectarine, jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, lively acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Resonant finish centered around nectarine and cocoa nib.
Balanced, rich-toned.
Pomegranate, baking chocolate, cedar, freesia, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish supported by notes of pomegranate and freesia.
Richly sweet-tart, floral-toned.
Pomegranate, wisteria, maple syrup, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with juicy, buoyant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Sweetly tart in the short finish with pomegranate and pink grapefruit; cocoa nib and wisteria resurface in the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Complex, richly sweet-savory.
Jasmine, dark chocolate, cannabis flower, almond paste, tamarind in aroma and small cup.
Viscous, syrupy body; long, richly drying, flavor-saturated mouthfeel.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, floral and savory notes (jasmine, cannabis) play harmoniously, supported by dark chocolate.
Bright, vibrant, sweetly tart.
Apricot, pink grapefruit zest, jasmine, oak, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
High-toned, sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The crisp, long finish leads with notes of apricot and grapefruit supported by cocoa nib.
Richly fruit-centered, deeply sweet.
Dried blueberry, magnolia, cashew, cedar, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
A fruit-toned finish that leads with blueberry and magnolia in the short, cedar in the long, and baking chocolate throughout.
Sweet, quietly intense, floral-toned.
Rose, sandalwood, cashew, lemon verbena, a hint of mace in aroma and cup.
Crisp and balanced in structure; silky mouthfeel.
Flowers carry on deep into the finish.
Sweet, soft, gently tart-pungent.
Buttery dark chocolate, cashew butter, lemon drop, date, orange blossom in aroma and cup.
Balanced and roundly complete in taste structure; syrupy but buoyant in mouthfeel.
Chocolate and lemon in particular persist in a deep, lasting finish.
Rich-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, red currant, freesia, clove, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
A quiet finish leads with chocolate and magnolia notes in the short, clove and molasses in a gently drying long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned.
Molasses, plumeria, fir, date, orange zest in aroma and small cup.
Full, creamy body; deeply sweet floral- and citrus-toned finish.
In three parts milk, the molasses notes are amplified, as are plumeria and fir.
Delicate, crisply sweet-tart.
Mango, cedar, cocoa nib, sugar cane, a hint of honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; lightly silky mouthfeel.
Martini-like finish, very crisp and dry.
Rich, roundly bittersweet.
Nutmeg, peach, caramel, spicy chocolate, carnation-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Balanced and crisp in structure; buoyant and lightly satiny in mouthfeel.
Sweet and flavor-saturated in the short finish, tapering to richly drying in the long.
Richly, sweetly tart, deeply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate fudge, grape candy, sandalwood, violet, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Tartly sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; creamy, plush mouthfeel.
The long, resonant finish centers on grape candy and chocolate fudge, with a backgrounded sandalwood.
Evaluated as espresso.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory.
Black currant, dark chocolate, cedar, tamarind, freesia in aroma and small cup.
Lively, syrupy mouthfeel; the resonant finish centers around tamarind, dark chocolate and cedar.
Balanced and flavor-saturated in three parts milk; dark chocolate and freesia notes particularly amplified.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Lemon zest, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, apricot, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
A resonant finish centers around lemon zest and cocoa nib.
Crisp, delicately sweet-toned.
Bergamot, Fig Newton, baking chocolate, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
A crisp finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate, dried fig, and cedar.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory.
Dried apricot, baking chocolate, lily, cedar, toasted barley in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bright, balanced acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
A quiet finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and lily with undertones of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Tea rose, almond, dark chocolate, date, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; the resonant finish centers around notes of tea rose and cedar.
In three parts milk, both chocolaty and floral, with undertones of aromatic cedar and almond.
Richly sweet, floral- and nut-toned.
Magnolia, cashew butter, cedar, maple syrup, red grape in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant finish centers around suggestions of magnolia and nut-butter.
Crisply sweet, balanced.
Apricot, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, brown sugar, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with pert, lively acidity; satin-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned apricot with undertones of freesia and oak.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, sweetly fermenty.
Ripe blueberry, dark chocolate, Bourbon barrel, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with winy acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Intricate, pungent, deeply floral.
Peach, pear, honeysuckle, black walnut, musk in aroma and cup.
Brisk but very sweet in structure with a savory edge; satiny, lively mouthfeel.
Crisp, flavor-saturated finish.
Balanced, agreeably round and sweet-toned.
Toffee, table grape, pecan, clover blossom, a hint of malted barley in aroma and cup.
Very sweet, gently citrusy structure; buoyant, creamy mouthfeel.
Pecan and malt last in a crisp finish.
Crisply sweet, meadowy.
Molasses, lilac, wheat grass, fresh cucumber, fresh-cut elm in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet-savory in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel.
Fresh, sweet, rather simple finish.
Bright, balanced, aromatically nuanced.
Nectarine, cocoa nib, star jasmine, sandalwood, a hint of lychee in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
A resonant, flavor-saturated finish fulfills the balanced, complete promise of the cup.
Crisply sweet, deep-toned.
Hazelnut butter, orange zest, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, freesia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Nut-toned finish with baking chocolate and orange zest as supporting notes.
Richly aromatic, levitatingly high-toned.
Lychee, passionfruit, dark chocolate, candied violet, sage in aroma and cup.
Layered sweet-tart-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around lychee, dark chocolate and sage.
Delicate, sweetly tart, intricately balanced.
Apricot, maple syrup, star jasmine, cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; elegant, silky mouthfeel.
The quiet finish consolidates to apricot and almond.
Cleanly fruit-forward.
Ripe strawberry, bay (wood and leaf), cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with fruity acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is all strawberry, supported by notes of fresh-picked bay leaf.
Deep-toned, richly dry and pungent.
Black tea, bergamot, baking chocolate, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup.
Compelling bittersweet structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; tannic yet voluptuous mouthfeel.
Baking chocolate and black tea carry the short finish, with bergamot and oak resurfacing in the long.
Rich, deeply sweet-toned.
Narcissus, black cherry, cedar, cashew butter, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle, citrusy acidity; smoothly viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with black cherry and narcissus in the short, consolidating to cashew and cedar in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Pineapple, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lily, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of pineapple and lily with hints of hazelnut.
Rich, complex, multi-layered.
Sweet baking spices, cocoa powder, lemon zest, lilac, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with apple-like malic acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with sweet baking spices and cocoa powder.
Deeply fruity, sweetly fermenty, headily floral.
Strawberry coulis, brandy, almond butter, toffee, honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
Sustained flavor-saturated finish.
Richly sweet-savory, deep-toned.
Date, hop flowers, maple syrup, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned date in the short and cedar-like aromatic wood notes in the long.
High-toned, sweetly tart.
Bing cherry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, cedar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The engaging finish leads with notes of cherry and honeysuckle, and cocoa nib resurfaces in the long.
High-toned, elegant, fruit-centered.
Passion fruit, lemon blossom, cocoa nib, marjoram, mesquite in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with citrusy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
A balanced finish centers around passionfruit and cocoa notes with undertones of savory marjoram.
Spice-toned, richly sweet.
Baking spices, caramel, red apple, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of baking spices and caramel.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, sweetly tart.
Pineapple, violet, cocoa nib, cedar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vivid acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.The fruit-toned finish leads with pineapple notes in the short, rounding to cocoa tones in the long.
Intensely aromatic, sweet-savory.
Dried peach, star jasmine, hop flowers, fresh uncut oak, almond butter in aroma and cup.
High-toned, sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp, resonant finish centers around notes of dried peach and jasmine.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned, perfumy.
Watermelon candy, lilac, hop flowers, macadamia nut, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart-savory structure with fruit-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The fruit-toned finish is anchored by deep sandalwood notes.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Blackberry, grappa barrel, magnolia, molasses, Brazil nut in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with winy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers around notes of molasses and grappa barrel.
Sweetly-spiced toned, deeply rich.
Caramel, bergamot flower, fig newton, candied apple, cedar in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with vibrant acidity; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of bergamot and caramel.
Richly sweet-tart, complex, fruit-toned.
Mulberry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to mulberry and cocoa notes.
Fruit-forward, deep-toned.
Blueberry jam, dark chocolate, lily, juniper, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The berry-toned finish supported by dark chocolate and crisp juniper notes.
Rich-toned, exceptionally sweet.
Blood orange zest, lilac, baking chocolate, pear, cedar in aroma and cup.
High-toned, bittersweet structure with juicy, balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Long, chocolaty, fruit-toned finish.
Floral, citrusy, delicate yet deeply sweet.
Honeysuckle, blood orange, sugar cane, nougat, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers around notes of honeysuckle, blood orange and cocoa nib.
Rich-toned, sweet-savory.
Lychee, hop flowers, honey, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Very sweet finish with notes of bittersweet florals akin to hops.
Delicate, balanced, sweet-toned.
Plum, fresh-cut fir, hazelnut, baking chocolate, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Quiet, nut-toned finish.
Rich-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, black cherry, gently scorched oak, molasses, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with very gentle acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Richly drying finish, resonant with notes of dark chocolate, gardenia and scorched oak.
Very sweet, high-toned, richly floral.
Star jasmine, lemon verbena, pineapple, cocoa nib, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, levitating acidity; delicate but syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp, long, floral-toned finish.
Overarchingly sweet, richly savory.
Nectarine, sandalwood, marzipan, spearmint, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with a tart, vibrant acidity; nectar-like mouthfeel.
Rich-toned finish with marzipan notes lingering into the long.
Crisply fruit-centered, floral-toned.
Mango, cocoa nib, lilac, honey, Meyer lemon in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lush, elegant acidity; crisply viscous mouthfeel.
Balanced, layered finish.
Deeply fruit-toned, richly chocolaty.
Candied papaya, black cherry, dark chocolate, honeysuckle, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with high-toned, fruity acidity; smooth, gently tannic mouthfeel.
The finish centers on dark chocolate and black cherry.
Sweetly fermenty, wine-toned.
Lychee, dried raspberry, grappa, dark chocolate fudge, lily in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of dried raspberry, grappa and dark chocolate.
Crisply sweet, floral- and fruit-toned.
Peach, narcissus, almond butter, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup.
In structure sweetly and gently tart, with a balanced and roundly bright acidity.
Satiny, lively mouthfeel.
Peach and flowers linger in the finish.
Deeply rich, balanced, fruit- and floral-toned.
Tea rose, pomelo, dark chocolate, pie cherry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with round, fruit-toned acidity; rich, satiny mouthfeel.
Tea rose, pie cherry and dark chocolate saturate the resonant finish.
Richly sweet-tart, earth-toned.
Blood orange, pipe tobacco, roasted almond, rhododendron, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with crisp, green-apple-like (malic) acidity; deep, velvety mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish consolidates to blood orange and pipe tobacco.
Bold, rich, confident.
Strawberry, magnolia, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; saturating, satiating mouthfeel.
A gentle decrescendo of all cup attributes carries into the pleasing finish.
Cocoa-toned, crisply sweet.
Cocoa powder, hazelnut butter, pear, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and pear with undertones of cocoa powder.
Deeply sweet, fruit-forward.
Grape candy, dark chocolate, grappa barrel, fresh-cut fir, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, dry, chocolaty finish with notes of sweet grape wafting up in the long, as well as sweet alcohol ferment.
Deep-toned, sweet-savory.
Nectarine, narcissus, hop flowers, sandalwood, honey in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with gentle, round but engaging acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly bittersweet finish centers on honey and hop flowers in the short with nectarine returning in the long.
Richly floral- and nut-toned.
Freesia-like flowers, almond brittle, baking chocolate, black cherry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with tart, lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates around almond brittle and freesia.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, hop flowers, lychee, sandalwood, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is redolent with notes of almond brittle and lychee.
Delicately sweet, high-toned, citrusy.
Key lime, cocoa nib, strawberry, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lush, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to sweet fruit notes (berries and citrus) and cocoa nib.
Chocolaty, floral-toned.
Dark chocolate, rhododendron-like flowers, hazelnut butter, date, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and rhododendron with hints of cedar.
Rich-toned, chocolaty and floral.
Baking chocolate, magnolia, agave syrup, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and magnolia in the short, cedar and hazelnut in the crisp long.
Sweetly and roundly bright, high-toned, floral.
Star jasmine, tangerine zest, red currant, elm, a hint of coriander in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; crisp yet buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly flavor-saturated finish carries all the notes of the cup straight through into the long, particularly jasmine and red currant.
Richly floral-toned.
Baking chocolate, jasmine, tea rose, golden raisin, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers around tea rose and sandalwood notes.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Candied violet, almond nougat, maple syrup, date, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant floral- and cocoa-laden finish.
Sweet, balanced, floral-toned.
Jasmine, peach, pistachio, cardamom, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with savory undertones; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish is led by notes of jasmine in the short, pistachio and cocoa nib in the long.
Deeply sweet, pleasantly herb-toned.
Baking chocolate, spearmint, maple syrup, freesia, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, nut-toned finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut.
Deeply sweet, floral-toned.
Violet, pineapple, pistachio, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet structure with gently tart, delicate acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp, rich-toned finish.
Deep-toned, fruit-centered, richly aromatic.
Dark chocolate, black cherry, star jasmine, oak, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, lively acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
Finish centers around dark chocolate and black cherry.
Richly sweet-savory, deeply aromatic.
Black currant, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, lilac, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, umami-leaning finish with notes of pink peppercorn and sandalwood.
Deeply and richly sweet, quite chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, red grape, magnolia, maple syrup, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright, lively acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel.
The pleasing finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and magnolia.
Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich.
Dark chocolate, strawberry guava, hazelnut butter, sandalwood, ginger blossom in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round, engaging acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet, long finish with notes of dark chocolate, hazelnut and sandalwood.
Fruit-toned, sweetly tart.
Ripe raspberry, lemon zest, dark chocolate, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with raspberry and citrus notes in the short, modulating to dark chocolate and cedar in the long.
Sweetly earth-toned, deeply floral.
Petrichor, honeysuckle, Dark chocolate, petrichor, honeysuckle, nectarine, fine pipe tobacco in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Deep, resonant finish consolidates to notes of petrichor and honeysuckle with dark chocolate undertones.
Delicate, sweet, citrus-toned.
Cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond, freesia-like flowers, apricot in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Quiet, easygoing finish with notes of cocoa nib and tangerine zest.
Delicate, fruit-forward.
Blueberry, molasses, fresh-cut fir, magnolia, bay leaf in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with tart-leaning, gentle acidity.
Velvety mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers around blueberry and fir.
Evaluated as espresso.
Expressive, confident, lyrical.
Lychee, dark chocolate, star jasmine, sandalwood, Meyer lemon in aroma and small cup.
Lively, creamy mouthfeel; balanced, floral- and fruit-toned finish.
In three parts milk, a liquid dessert: think fine chocolate and tropical fruit.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, crisp pear, orange zest, oak, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to rich chocolate and freesia-like floral notes.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a ristretto 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Delicate, floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, white peach, lime zest, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
The elegant finish centers around notes of honeysuckle and lime zest, with cocoa nib lingering into the long.
Cappuccino-scaled milk further amplifies floral and chocolate tones.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold.
Rhubarb, Pinot Noir grape, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood.
Sweet-tart-savory structure with big, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of rhubarb and cocoa nib with sandalwood undertones.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold.
Rich, floral-toned, intricate and complex.
Notes of wisteria, Keemun black tea, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon, frankincense.
Crisp, tart-leaning structure with sweet undertones and juicy acidity; refreshing, velvety mouthfeel.
Satisfying, lingering finish with notes of black tea and lemon.
Stands up to milk with continued tartness and amplification of the cocoa note.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold.
Bing cherry, sassafras, aromatic orchid, bay tree, brandy.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; lush, mouth-filling viscosity.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish that carries over all the notes from the cup.
Quiet and elegant in milk, with all flavor notes represented at a lower volume.
Spice-toned, delicate and deep.
Cardamom, black tea, bergamot, honeysuckle, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated finish leads with cardamom and bergamot, rounding to honeysuckle-toned sandalwood in the long.
Delicate, deep, vibrantly sweet-tart.
Lilac, dried apricot, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with lively, bright acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of apricot and cocoa nib.
Sweetly pungent, juicy.
Tangerine, dark chocolate, almond butter, honeysuckle, a hint of kefir in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bold, lactic acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The layered finish consolidates to notes of tangerine and sweet yogurt.
Evaluated as espresso.
Berry- and flower-driven, intricately sweet-tart, wildly aromatic.
Ripe raspberry, wisteria, toffee, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup.
Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; bright, berry-toned finish.
In three parts milk, a lot like eating raspberry trifle laced with chocolate.
Deeply sweet, richly sweet-savory, intricately balanced.
Red currant, star jasmine, dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with complex, bright acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
Lasting finish that carries over all the flavor and aroma notes from the cup.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, apricot, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-tart structure with lively, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centered around notes of cocoa nib, tangerine zest and cedar.
Delicate, confident, complex, lyrical.
Passion fruit, cocoa nib, wisteria, lemon verbena, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Rich, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweet-toned, fruit-forward, delicately floral.
Dried strawberry, lilac, cocoa nib, almond brittle, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with rich, vibrant acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Finish leads with notes of dried strawberry and honey in the short, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Floral and sweetly spice-toned.
Jasmine, pink peppercorn, apricot, baking chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of apricot and baking chocolate with hints of jasmine at the top and oak underneath.
Delicate, high-toned, richly floral.
Lilac, cocoa nib, dried apricot, sandalwood, a hint of coconut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Rich, deeply aromatic finish that carries over all the notes from the cup; lilac and cocoa nib, in particular.
High-toned, richly floral.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, bergamot, almond nougat, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Inviting finish that leads with notes of jasmine and bergamot in the short, rounding to almond and cocoa nib in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa powder, hop flowers, black cherry, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black cherry and oak.
Deeply chocolaty, vibrantly high-toned.
Dark chocolate, nectarine, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, lemon thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonantly chocolaty finish is supported by notes of almond butter and hints of freesia.
Bright, juicy, floral-toned.
Narcissus, red plum, cocoa nib, bay leaf, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Gently tart structure with deep, juicy acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with narcissus-like flowers and cocoa nib, with crisp maple syrup returning in the long.
Sweetly nut- and cocoa-toned.
Cashew butter, cocoa powder, magnolia, date, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp finish with leading notes of cashew and cocoa powder that round toward sweet magnolia in the long.
Deep, chocolaty, fruit-forward.
Black cherry, almond nougat, frankincense, fresh-cut oak, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, winy acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel.
Focused fruit-forward finish with undertones of honey.
Delicate, fruit- and floral-toned.
Apricot, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, white peppercorn, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with gently bright acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Quiet but pretty finish with notes of apricot and white peppercorn and a hint of honeysuckle in the long.
Fruit-forward, sweetly nut-toned.
Blueberry, almond butter, baking chocolate, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of blueberry and baking chocolate with undertones of cedar.
Richly aromatic, sweetly tart.
Boysenberry, star jasmine, cocoa nib, almond nougat, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of boysenberry and cocoa nib animate the crisply sweet finish.
Delicately sweet, spicy.
Apricot, freesia-like flowers, hazelnut butter, pink peppercorn, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lively, citrusy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of apricot and pink peppercorn supported by cocoa nib.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Red currant, hop flowers, cocoa nib, butterscotch, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet, balanced structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned red currant and butterscotch.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-centered.
Pomegranate, dark chocolate, toffee, cedar, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and cedar with dark chocolate undertones.
Delicate, sweetly herbaceous, caramel-toned.
Lemon verbena, black tea, caramel, oak, a hint of honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of lemon verbena and caramel.
Deeply aromatic, richly sweet-tart.
Dried ripe cherry, honeysuckle, almond butter, baking chocolate, wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with fruit-toned, winy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of almond butter and baking chocolate with support from dried cherry.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned.
Narcissus, plum, almond, baking chocolate, a hint of bay leaf in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and floral finish, crisp and resonant.
Profoundly sweet, fruit-forward, candy-like.
Clementine orange, Jolly Rancher, milk chocolate, cane sugar, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; viscous, honey-like mouthfeel.
The prolonged finish evokes cotton candy laced with milk chocolate.
Cleanly fruit-toned, tropical.
Passion fruit, pineapple, honey, hazelnut, a hint of fresh yogurt in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with bright acidity; plush, nectar-like mouthfeel.
Finish simplifies to notes of crisply sweet pineapple with hazelnut undertones.
Berry-driven, delicately sweet, caramel-toned.
Strawberry, dark caramel, tangerine zest, white tea, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Crisp, high-toned structure with juicy acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel.
Round, sweet, fruit-toned finish.
Deeply sweet, rich-toned, bright and lively.
Red grape, baking chocolate, marshmallow, macadamia nut, lime zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with bright, balanced acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The cleanly fruit-toned finish is pleasantly complicated by notes of macadamia nut and lime zest.
Deep-toned, sweetly herbaceous and earthy.
Dried stone fruit medley, petrichor, cocoa powder, pipe tobacco, a hint of eucalyptus in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with wine-toned acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Gentle spice- and cocoa-toned finish.
Deep-toned, richly sweet.
Cherry, brown sugar, grapefruit zest, dark chocolate, baking spices in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with round, lively acidity; crisply smooth, velvety mouthfeel.
Baking spices and dark chocolate characterize the inviting finish.
Bright, sweetly savory, deep-toned.
Black currant, dark chocolate, cedar, hop flowers, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with floral-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of black currant, dark chocolate and hop flowers.
Fruit-toned, tropical.
Lychee, guava, cocoa nib, violet, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around lychee and sandalwood notes.
Fruit-toned, richly floral.
Wild strawberry, lilac, honey, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with citrusy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish is all strawberry, lilac and chocolate.
Chocolaty and stone fruit-driven.
Apricot, milk chocolate, narcissus, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with mild acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of milk chocolate and cedar with hints of apricot.
Elegant, high-toned, complex.
Apricot, narcissus, lime, almond brittle, lemon balm in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of apricot and narcissus with undertones of almond brittle.
Richly and sweetly earth-toned.
Fresh humus, dark chocolate, gently scorched oak, almond, red apple in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, gently drying finish with sweetly smoky chocolate and fresh humus notes.
Crisply sweet, lightly floral-toned.
Magnolia, cocoa nib, date, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of cocoa-toned date and cedar.
Energetic, floral, multi-layered, intriguing.
Aromatic orchid, red plum, lemon verbena, nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes of the cup in harmonious balance.
Brightly fruit-toned, deeply sweet-tart.
Pomegranate, jasmine, honey, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of jasmine, honey and grapefruit.
Crisply sweet, delicately fruit-toned.
Blueberry, baking chocolate, oak, agave syrup, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Blueberry and baking chocolate lead the short finish, with magnolia returning in the long.
Bright yet deep-toned, sweet-tart-savory, intensely floral.
Mango, dark chocolate, hop flowers, lilac, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; viscous, nectar-like mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated, chocolaty finish.
Delicately sweet-tart, floral-toned.
Narcissus, apricot, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with delicately juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa nib and narcissus focus the long, lingering finish.
Deep-toned, sweet-savory.
Lychee, rose hips, sandalwood, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with lychee and rose hips, rounding to crisp chocolate and marjoram in the long.
Deep-toned, cleanly fruit-centered.
Pineapple, violet candy, almond brittle, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; silky-smooth, lively mouthfeel.
The finish is quietly flavor-saturated.
Cocoa- and floral-driven.
Baking chocolate, plum, fresh-cut fir, lime zest, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned plum, lime zest, fir.
Deeply aromatic, tropical fruit-toned.
Guava, lychee, ginger blossom, cocoa nib, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Quietly fruit-centered finish with hints of cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso.
Balanced, richly sweet.
Black cherry, almond, cedar, baker’s chocolate, magnolia in aroma and small cup.
Full, satiny body; chocolaty, wood-framed finish.
Dark chocolate notes lead the way in three parts milk, supported by notes of black cherry and almond.
Crisp, delicate, richly sweet.
Yellow plum, cocoa powder, narcissus, sandalwood, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned plum and a hint of narcissus enliven the quiet finish.
Sweet, crisp, fruit-toned.
Raspberry, cocoa nib, orange zest, magnolia, fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned raspberry and fir.
Deeply sweet, cocoa-toned.
Dark chocolate, dried persimmon, hazelnut, wisteria, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Balanced, brisk but sweet structure with rounded acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is thoroughly chocolaty with undertones of persimmon and hazelnut.
Complex, richly sweet, fruit-toned.
Apricot, orange blossom, caramel, cocoa powder, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to caramel-toned apricot and almond.
Delicately and richly fruit-toned.
Raspberry, dark chocolate, baking spices, tangerine zest, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with winy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with notes of raspberry and baking spices.
Vibrantly floral-toned, sweetly pungent.
Narcissus, toffee, black currant, cedar, dark caramel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish leads with toffee and black currant notes supported by narcissus-like flowers throughout.
Rich-toned, elegantly sweet.
Wild honey, dried apricot, lilac, myrrh, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot and myrrh with undertones of wild honey.
Complex, fruit-toned and chocolaty.
Red currant, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, narcissus, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The deep, chocolaty finish supported by sweet-tart fruit notes and narcissus-like florals.
Bright, sweetly spice-toned.
Cinnamon, candy apple, grapefruit zest, freesia-like flowers, a hint of fresh yogurt in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with lively, high-toned acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish continues spice-toned and rich.
Aromatically tropical, deeply floral, mysteriously complex.
Plumeria, amber, passion fruit, Concord grape, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory structure with winy acidity; decadently plush mouthfeel.
The finish goes on and on.
Richly and elegantly fruit-toned.
Strawberry-guava, cocoa nib, violet, wild honey, aloe wood in aroma and cup.
Vivaciously sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Resonant fruit-forward finish with notes of strawberry-guava, cocoa nib and violet.
Richly chocolaty, deeply fruit-toned.
Chocolate fudge, raspberry coulis, sandalwood, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel.
The floral- and fruit-toned finish is supported by chocolate tones throughout.
Delicately intricate, deeply sweet.
Passion fruit, jasmine, sandalwood, cocoa nib, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Juicy, effervescent acidity; silky, confident mouthfeel.
The finish is crisply tart with sweet floral and cocoa tones in the short.
Deep-toned, richly sweet.
Date, magnolia, molasses, almond, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of molasses and almond.
Crisp, delicately sweet.
Nectarine, jasmine, cocoa nib, almond, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of nectarine, cocoa nib, and oak.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned.
Passion fruit, narcissus, allspice, cocoa nib, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Richly drying, vermouth-like finish.
Richly sweet-savory, chocolate-toned.
Dark chocolate, date, pralines, tiger lily, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish is chocolaty through and through with undertones of pralines and flowers.
Deep-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, date, hazelnut, agave syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; delicately smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolate- and hazelnut-toned finish.
Sweetly savory, vibrant, deep.
Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, tamarind, sandalwood, aromatic orchid in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated-finish leads with notes of tamarind and lemon zest, rounding to deep, dark chocolate notes in the long.
Complex, intricate, deeply sweet.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, nectarine, frankincense, spearmint in aroma and cup.
Bright, juicy acidity; plush, velvety mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of star jasmine and nectarine, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Crisp, delicate, richly high-toned.
Apricot, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned apricot and honeysuckle enliven the quiet finish.
Delicate, spice-toned, richly aromatic.
Narcissus-like flowers, cocoa nib, peach, lemon verbena, a hint of eucalyptus wood in aroma and cup.
High-toned, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The deep, cocoa-toned finish centers around notes of narcissus and peach.
Delicately fruit-toned, floral.
Strawberry, narcissus, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned narcissus and strawberry.
Balanced, complex, rich-toned.
Cocoa nib, pluot, tangerine zest, star jasmine, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet, high-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, resonant finish maintains the multi-layered notes from the cup.
Chocolaty, smoke-toned, sweetly savory.
Dark chocolate, scorched mesquite, vanillin, gardenia, prune in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with very little acidity; light-bodied, smooth mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with hints of smoky chocolate.
Sweetly spice-toned.
Cinnamon, cocoa powder, plum, ginger blossom, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The spice-toned finish centers on cinnamon and gingerbread suggestions.
Richly sweet, deeply aromatic, floral-toned.
Plum, Meyer lemon zest, tea rose, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of tea rose and sandalwood permeate the rich finish.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Concord grape, rhododendron, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; very plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and maple syrup with undertones of Concord grape.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, juicy, sweetly tart.
Pomegranate, hazelnut, cedar, freesia-like flowers, molasses in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, gently drying finish.
Rounder and more nut-toned in three parts milk.
Sweetly floral and spice-toned, delicate.
Lilac, myrrh, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, honey in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with delicately vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and floral-toned finish.
Delicate, citrusy and nut-toned.
Orange zest, almond, magnolia, date, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Nut-framed finish supported by notes of orange zest and baking chocolate.
Balanced, rich-toned, deeply sweet.
Strawberry-guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, almond butter, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with appealing savory undertones and juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned guava supported by hints of narcissus.
Delicate, sweetly fruit-toned, complex.
Dried persimmon, nougat, lilac, dark chocolate, a hint of spearmint in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with wine-like acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel.
The chocolaty finish is supported by notes of persimmon and nougat.
Cleanly fruit-forward, high-toned.
Strawberry guava, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, fruit-driven finish with notes of strawberry guava, lemon verbena and cocoa nib far into the long.
Floral, bright, citrusy, balanced.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers around jasmine-like floral notes.
Big, bright, juicy, balanced.
Sticky rice, lychee, hazelnut, cocoa nib, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with vibrant, tangy acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-laden finish leads with lychee and hazelnut with undertones of cocoa nib.
Sweetly herbaceous, citrusy.
Marjoram, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with crisp, winey acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The finish leads with sweet herb notes supported by cocoa nib.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned.
Almond brittle, tart pie cherry, magnolia, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to baking chocolate, pie cherry and oak.
Rich-toned, bittersweet.
Tamarind candy, hop flowers, fir, mustard seed, grape leaves in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
Richly drying finish with suggestions of tamarind and mustard seed.
Sweetly tart, delicately fermenty.
Notes suggesting Jolly Rancher, chocolate fudge, rum barrel, baking spices, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Sweetly fermenty finish with crisp chocolate fudge notes throughout.
Sweetly spice-toned, chocolaty.
Intense freesia-like flowers, dark chocolate, Concord grape, roasted macadamia nut, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly rich tart structure with juicy acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Freesia and Concord grape notes ring on into the long finish.
Crisply sweet, richly savory, floral-toned.
Peach, lilac, ripe sungold cherry tomato, almond brittle, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Sweet-umami structure with jazzy acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish carries over the promise of all the flavor notes from the cup.
Berry-driven, sweetly herb-toned.
Black currant, cocoa nib, thyme, lavender, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright acidity; satiny, buoyant mouthfeel.
Rich, long-lasting, berry-toned finish.
Complex, nuanced, multi-layered.
Red currant, cinnamon, lavender, marjoram, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish; fruit and floral notes carry forward and cocoa emerges.
Complex, nuanced, multi-layered.
Black currant, freesia-like flowers, honey, Nutella, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with currant and freesia notes in the short, rounding to Nutella and cedar in the long.
Sweetly floral and delicately cocoa-toned.
Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, Concord grape, agave, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with juicy, confident acidity; buoyant, lively, viscous mouthfeel.
Honeysuckle and cocoa nib characterize the sweet finish.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory, deeply pungent.
Ripe tomato, black currant, almond brittle, jasmine, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, satiny, nectar-like mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of black currant, ripe tomato and almond brittle.
Attractively tart, bright, complexly layered.
Red currant, petrichor (a post-rain earthy note), wisteria, lemongrass, elm in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers on notes of red currant and lemongrass; a pleasing coconut note surfaces in the long.
Sweetly herb-suffused, fruit-driven, hints of fresh earth.
Lemon-thyme, mulberry, grapefruit zest, petrichor (a post-rain earthy note), myrrh in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Savory-leaning, rich-toned finish.
Deep, compelling, satisfying.
Black currant, dark chocolate, blood orange zest, lavender, coconut in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with richly rounded acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel.
Coconut and lavender notes resonate into the long finish.
Deep-toned, richly aromatic, complex.
Black currant, honeysuckle, tamarind, dark chocolate, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, sparkling acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of blackcurrant and dark chocolate with hints of sandalwood.
Richly sweet, nuanced, multi-layered.
Apricot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, cashew, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with delicate acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
Rich, long, cocoa-toned finish.
Crisply sweet, quietly resonant.
Wisteria, apricot, pistachio, molasses, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart, savory-edged structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The persistent finish consolidates to notes of molasses and pistachio.
Crisply sweet, high-toned, straightforward.
Cocoa powder, lime zest, fresh-cut fir, freesia-like flowers, walnut in aroma and cup.
Quietly tart structure with round, gently brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder and walnut with hints of flowers.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced.
Plum, cocoa nib, almond, violet, elm in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Gently drying, cocoa- and nut-toned finish with elm undertones.
Crisply sweet, balanced.
Cocoa nib, almond, red grape, cedar, a hint of magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish centers around sweet nut and red grape notes with cedar undertones.
Sweetly nut- and cocoa-toned.
Hazelnut, cocoa powder, magnolia, cedar, golden raisin in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The nut-toned finish is supported by hints of cocoa powder and cedar.
Chocolaty, sweetly smoky.
Dark chocolate, scorched mesquite, lily, raisin, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; crisp, light mouthfeel.
Bittersweet finish with notes of chocolate and scorched mesquite.
Luminous, clear, confident, lively.
Passion fruit, cocoa nib, lilac, almond butter, lemon drop in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with elegantly balanced, intense acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish that carries all the aroma and flavor notes of the cup well into the long.
Deeply rich, sweetly spice-toned.
Cinnamon, nutmeg, pear, honey, lavender in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with lively, juicy acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
The finish is spice-toned and rich.
Complexly fruit-toned, chocolaty.
Dried blueberry, watermelon candy, chocolate fudge, almond, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with winy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to blueberry, chocolate fudge, and sandalwood.
Delicately sweet, berry-toned.
Strawberry coulis, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with quiet strawberry notes carrying into the long.
Chocolaty, richly sweet.
Dark chocolate, date, hazelnut, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and hazelnut with cedar undertones.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet.
Berry melange (blueberry, raspberry, blackberry), chocolate fudge, sandalwood, molasses, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; creamy, viscous mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and blueberry.
Crisply fruit-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Grape candy, sassafras, almond, gardenia, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The sweet-savory finish is characterized by notes of grape candy, sassafras and almond.
Delicate, tropical, fruity and floral.
Strawberry guava, bergamot, cocoa nib, sandalwood, plumeria in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Fruit- and honey-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Lychee, tamarind, cocoa nib, hop flowers, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit-forward finish with honey and cocoa undertones.
Richly sweet-tart, floral-toned.
Narcissus, cocoa nib, apricot, almond nougat, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of almond nougat and narcissus with cocoa nib undertones.
Balanced, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa nib, crisp pear, grapefruit zest, oak, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The cocoa-forward finish is complicated by notes of grapefruit zest and magnolia.
Sweetly tart, deeply aromatic.
Red currant, magnolia, brown sugar, cashew butter, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish leads with notes of red currant and cashew butter.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Freesia, tangerine zest, plum, cedar, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with high-toned, citrusy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The savory-sweet finish leads with sweet herb notes followed by spicy florals.
Gently fruit-toned, crisply sweet.
Blueberry, honeysuckle, hazelnut, lemon zest, caramel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to blueberry and caramel.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, rhododendron, cedar, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The fruit-toned finish supported by notes of cedar and dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly chocolaty and floral-toned.
Chocolate fudge, narcissus, molasses, sandalwood, dried red currant in aroma and small cup.
Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Lyrically sweet in three parts milk, with deep-toned notes of chocolate fudge and narcissus into the long.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Richly aromatic, floral and balanced.
Jasmine, orange zest, baking chocolate, pear, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisp finish leads with notes of jasmine and orange zest, with undertones of baking chocolate throughout.
Chocolate notes deepen in three parts milk, as do sweet florals.
Fruit- and herb-toned.
Lemon thyme, strawberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with fruit-driven acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of lemon thyme, strawberry and rum barrel.
Delicate, honey- and cocoa-toned.
Pomegranate, cocoa nib, violet, pink grapefruit zest, cashew butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with balanced, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The pleasing finish leads with pomegranate and cashew butter with undertones of cocoa nib.
Delicately fruit-forward, multi-layered, complex.
Dark chocolate, blackberry jam, macadamia nut, honey, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with winy acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with deep, lasting chocolate undertones.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, tamarind, amber, grape candy in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with tart-leaning, lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish resonates with all of the notes from the cup.
Richly sweet-tart, chocolaty.
Tangerine, dark chocolate, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to suggestions of chocolate and tangerine.
Sweetly pungent, complex.
Apricot, cocoa nib, narcissus, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The cocoa-driven finish is supported by notes of dried stone fruit and spicy-sweet florals.
Chocolaty and fruit-centered.
Dark chocolate, blueberry, jasmine, lemongrass, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolate and flowers, in particular, carry into a resonant finish.
Delicate, rich, multi-layered.
Lilac, honey, plum, sandalwood, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Gently bright, crisp acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to resonant lilac and plum notes with sandalwood undertones.
Berry-driven, chocolaty.
Blueberry, lemon zest, baking chocolate, cedar, a hint of fine musk in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with quietly resonant acidity; syrupy, gently lively mouthfeel.
Flavor consolidates to blueberry and cedar in the short finish but both linger far into the long.
Uniquely sweet-tart, lactic-leaning.
Pink grapefruit zest, goat cheese, lilac, honey, oak in aroma and cup.
Balanced, intricately layered structure with complex, richly tart acidity; hefty, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Rich, long, citrusy finish with honey undertones.
Delicately sweet-savory, floral-toned.
Lilac, plum, almond brittle, lemon verbena, gently scorched elm in aroma and cup.
RIchly bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of lemon verbena and lightly scorched elm.
Complex, sweetly pungent.
Nectarine, magnolia, musk, cashew butter, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Briskly sweet structure with savory undertones; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet-savory finish.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned.
Baking chocolate, hazelnut, date, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to baking chocolate, hazelnut and cedar.
Richly aromatic, delicately fruit-forward.
Dried persimmon, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, shiitake mushroom, carnation in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet with deep, fruit-toned acidity; lively, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to persimmon and cocoa nib with an attractive hint of shiitake mushroom.
Sweetly fruit- and nut-toned.
Plum, pistachio, magnolia, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to suggestions of plum, pistachio and oak.
Crisp, delicately sweet-tart, intricately floral.
Narcissus, lime zest, apricot, pipe tobacco, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with lyrical, juicy acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
Vermouth-like, richly dry finish.
Crisp, tangy, richly sweet-tart-savory.
Vanilla yogurt, guava, dark chocolate, sassafras, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with savory undertones and tangy acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant flavor-saturated finish carries forward all of the notes from the cup.
Deeply and roundly roast-toned.
Dark chocolate, singed cedar, raisin, almond, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Chocolate and raisin lead the way in the quiet finish.
Cleanly fruit-toned, bright and lively.
Honeydew melon, dark chocolate, hop flowers, lemon verbena, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet in structure, balanced with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of honeydew and chocolate with brisk undertones of hop flowers.
Richly fruit-forward, chocolate-toned.
Dried blueberry, chocolate fudge, gardenia, cashew, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet with fruity acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with blueberry and orange complication.
Delicately sweet-tart, richly and intricately aromatic, deep-toned.
Dried hibiscus flowers, bergamot, frankincense, lychee, boysenberry in aroma and cup.
Confidently sweet-tart structure with sparkling acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
The long, lingering flavor-saturated finish intoxicatingly blurs fruit and floral notes.
Chocolaty, richly sweet-tart, deep-toned.
Chocolate fudge, passion fruit, sandalwood, lily, a hint of Cognac in aroma and cup.
Sweetly and opulently tart with generous, bright acidity; lush, viscous mouthfeel.
Sandalwood- and chocolate-toned finish with undertones of passionfruit into the long.
Sweet-toned with a distinct lactic tang.
Dried mango, fermenty tangerine, fresh yogurt, narcissus, Nutella in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with lactic-leaning acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
The long, sweet finish consolidates around notes of Nutella and tangerine.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned.
Blueberry, gardenia, dark chocolate, orange zest, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory with gently fruity acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and dark chocolate with undertones of thyme.
Balanced, deeply sweet with savory undertones.
Caramel, red apple, baking chocolate, grapefruit zest, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with crisp, lively acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of caramel and freesia with a lasting hint of grapefruit zest.
Richly sweet, chocolaty and fruit-toned.
Mango, dark chocolate, sandalwood, maple syrup, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with mango and dark chocolate suggestions.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Black currant, hibiscus flower, fresh-cut cedar, roasted cocoa nib, tamarind in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with resonant, lively acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
The pleasing finish leads with black currant and hibiscus flower in the short, rounding to cocoa nib and cedar in the long.
Complexly fruit-driven with subtle savory underpinnings.
Strawberry guava, banana, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, hints of goat cheese in aroma and cup.
Richly aromatic, deeply sweet with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The deep-toned finish elegantly extends the character of the cup.
Delicately and richly aromatic; complex, multi-layered.
Plum blossom, guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; lush, silky mouthfeel.
Flavor-laden finish, cocoa- and floral-driven.
Sweetly tart, deeply savory.
Baking spices, caramel, goat milk yogurt, baking chocolate, violet in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel.
A delicate finish consolidates to baking spices with goat milk undertones.
Delicately fruit-forward, richly sweet.
Strawberry, raspberry coulis, nougat, elm, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The quiet finish leads with notes of strawberry and nougat.
Crisp, gently fruit-toned.
Raspberry jam, baking chocolate, magnolia, almond, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Quiet, chocolaty and nut-driven finish.
Delicately and sweetly herbaceous.
Lemon verbena, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet with gently savory undertones; silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and oak with hints of magnolia-like florals.
Complex, richly tart, with compelling savory undertones.
Dark chocolate, pomegranate yogurt, almond brittle, sandalwood, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with juicy, citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-laden finish carries over all the notes from the cup, dark chocolate and pomegranate in particular.
Delicately rich, floral- and cocoa-toned.
Baking chocolate, star jasmine, blackberry, lime zest, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet with vibrant, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, jasmine and brown sugar.
Richly sweet, chocolaty, spice-toned.
Dark chocolate, plum, macadamia nut, baking spices, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is deeply chocolaty with notes of baking spices lingering into the long.
Spice-toned, fruit-driven.
Dried raspberry, cocoa powder, lemon verbena, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with notes of dried raspberry and cocoa undertones.
Provocative in structure, richly sweet-savory, tangy.
Pineapple kefir, vanilla, cocoa nib, aromatic orchid, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy, very viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of vanilla, cocoa and tangy pineapple.
Sweetly tart, fruit- and floral-toned.
Apricot, jasmine, cocoa nib, nougat, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish carries over all the lovely aromatics from the cup.
Chocolaty, floral-toned.
Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, date, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Baking chocolate and honeysuckle, supported by cedar, carry the finish.
Balanced, richly sweet-tart.
Lychee, orange zest, amber oil, cocoa nib, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with poised acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The floral-toned finish centers around amber and orange zest suggestions.
Cocoa-toned, gently tart.
Pomegranate, cocoa powder, almond, narcissus, molasses in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder and molasses.
Citrusy, spice-toned.
Dried orange zest, baking spices, golden raisin, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp finish is redolent with dried orange zest and baking spices.
Sweetly savory, rich and deep.
Dark chocolate, violet, pomegranate, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Crisply bright with juicy acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
Notes of violet and pomegranate, with undertones of cedar, resonate in the finish.
Sweetly tart, vibrant.
Dried apricot, caramel, magnolia, thyme, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
The quiet finish leads with notes of caramel-toned apricot and fresh-cut oak.
Delicate, richly aromatic, floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, apricot, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with juicy, high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Floral- and cocoa-driven finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, juicy, floral-toned.
Chocolate fudge, black cherry, lemon verbena, brown sugar, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the crisply sweet finish leads with black cherry and brown sugar suggestions.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, black cherry and dark chocolate notes harmonize far into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Tamarind, plum, dark chocolate, cedar, molasses in aroma and small cup.
Very syrupy mouthfeel; the finish centers on tamarind and rich cedar notes.
Balanced in three parts milk, driven by stone fruit and chocolate.
Chocolaty and sweetly nut-toned.
Baking chocolate, almond butter, nougat, lychee, lily in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and lily.
Crisply sweet, citrusy.
Orange zest, cocoa powder, hazelnut, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish centers on notes of cocoa-toned orange and hazelnut.
Cocoa-and spice-toned.
Cocoa powder, cherry, fir, hazelnut, cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is nutty and cocoa-driven, supported by hints of cherry and fir.
Sweet-toned, delicately floral.
Raspberry, narcissus, cocoa nib, almond, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with rich, vibrant acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of raspberry and agave in the short, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Crisply sweet, gently resonant.
Freesia, apricot, pistachio, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of apricot and pistachio.
Crisply deep-toned; rich, complex.
Dark chocolate, cedar, musk, dried apricot, red wine grape in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with bright acidity.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to red wine grape and musk.
Gently sweet-tart, complexly layered.
Blueberry jam, jasmine, almond, cedar, caramel in aroma and cup.
Fruit-forward structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and caramel with undertones of cedar.
High-toned, floral.
Star jasmine, apricot, lemon verbena, maple syrup, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet with vibrant, delicate acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated short finish with notes of star jasmine and lemon verbena, supported by a hint of marjoram, extending into the long.
Winy and fruit-toned.
Wine barrel, cherry pie, sandalwood, agave syrup, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is crisp, tannic, and fruity-floral.
Deep-toned, sweetly fermenty.
Oak barrel, chocolate fudge, raspberry, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, oak-toned finish with rum undertones.
Complex, floral- and citrus-toned.
Lilac, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet-tart with juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The deeply flavor-saturated finish resonates on and on.
Delicate, high-toned, elegantly fruit-driven.
Wild strawberry, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, sandalwood, thyme in aroma and cup.
Bright, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; silky-smooth, lilting mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is saturated with flavor notes from aroma and cup in harmonious balance.
Richly sweet-tart, brightly fruit-forward.
Pomegranate, cocoa nib, butterscotch, hazelnut, passionflower in aroma in cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with citrusy acidity; crisply smooth mouthfeel.
Quiet, cocoa-toned finish with sweet hazelnut undertones.
Richly aromatic, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, Bing cherry, pink grapefruit zest, lily, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet with brisk acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to chocolate-covered cherry with lily undertones.
Deeply sweet, tropical.
Pineapple, lychee, baking chocolate, jasmine, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with very lively, phosphoric acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is fruit-driven with jasmine undertones.
Richly aromatic, sweetly tart, deeply savory.
Lilac, dark chocolate, lemon drop, pink grapefruit zest, shiitake mushroom in aroma and cup.
Harmonious sweet-tart-savory structure; lyrical, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish leads with citrus notes (lemon drop, pink grapefruit zest) in the short, rounding to deep chocolate and sweet mushroom notes in the long.
Fruit-forward, deep-toned.
Blueberry jam, dark chocolate, magnolia, lemon verbena, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The berry-driven finish is supported by suggestions of dark chocolate and lemon verbena.
Sweetly savory, complex.
Pipe tobacco, date, narcissus, almond, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with lively acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish centers on notes of date and pipe tobacco.
Evaluated as espresso.
Sweetly tart, nut-toned.
Almond butter, carob, lemon zest, date, magnolia in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; nutty finish with hints of carob and lemon zest.
In three parts milk, almond and magnolia notes gently harmonize.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty.
Milk chocolate, red currant, freesia-like flowers, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisp, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of milk chocolate, freesia and maple syrup.
Sweetly nut-toned.
Almond, pie cherry, oak, prairie flowers, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Gently drying, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Bright, richly floral.
Jasmine, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond nougat, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The satisfying finish leads with notes of jasmine and tangerine in the short, rounding to almond nougat and cocoa nib in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, spice- and floral-toned.
Dried apricot, tangerine zest, narcissus-like flowers, brown sugar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
In structure, sweetly tart and juicy with a savory depth; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Spicy florals carry the quietly flavor-saturated finish.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Plum, cocoa nib, maple syrup, lilac, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated finish: plum and lilac in the short with cedar resurfacing in the long.
Delicately sweet-tart.
Tamarind, almond, lemon verbena, baking chocolate, freesia in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with bright acidity; light, silky mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish is centered around notes of tamarind and almond.
Sweetly fruit-toned, crisply tart.
Raspberry, honeysuckle, almond, lemon zest, caramel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to raspberry and caramel notes.
Caramel- and floral-toned.
Salted caramel, lilac, Nutella, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel.
Rich, caramelly finish with undertones of Nutella and orange zest.
Deeply pungent, sweetly savory.
Dark chocolate, narcissus, black cherry, cardamom, cashew in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with roundly tart acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
The floral-toned finish leads with notes of narcissus, balanced by dark chocolate and cashew underneath.
Explosively floral, tropical.
Star jasmine, dark chocolate, pineapple kefir, pistachio, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with lactic undertones and ripe, floral acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Notes of star jasmine lead the zesty finish, complicated by gentle kefir-like suggestions.
Crisply sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Vanilla yogurt, Ibarra chocolate (chocolate with cinnamon), gardenia, amber, date in aroma and cup.
Rich, sweetly tart structure with bright, tangy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-laden, long finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
High-toned, richly aromatic, juicy and bright.
Bing cherry, dark chocolate, fresh-cut cedar, narcissus-like flowers, marjoram in aroma and small cup.
Very full, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Concentrated and balanced in three parts milk: floral, tartly fruit-forward, very chocolaty.
Subtly complex, nuanced, high-toned.
Mulberry, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish carries forward all the flavor notes from the cup.
Subtly and sweetly rich, deeply savory.
Boysenberry, cocoa nib, fine musk, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish resonates with layers of perfumy florals.
Juicy-sweet, high-toned, multi-layered.
Strawberry guava, star jasmine, hazelnut, amber, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; lively, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit- and floral-toned finish.
Very sweet, fruit-toned.
Date, rum barrel, narcissus, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Long, complex, harmonious finish.
Vibrantly sweet-tart, balanced.
Lemon drop, red currant, cocoa nib, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of citrusy cocoa and red currant.
Crisp, balanced, richly nut-toned.
Nutella, red apple, freesia, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Very sweet in structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweetly nut-toned finish supported by freesia-like floral tones.
Tropically sweet, floral-driven.
Star jasmine, mango, date, macadamia nut, amber in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; delicately confident acidity.
Resonantly fruit- and floral-toned finish.
Delicate, lyrically sweet, gently tart.
Tea rose, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to richly sweet notes of tea rose and honey with cocoa nib undertones.
Delicately sweet, floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, lemon verbena, pink peppercorn, baking chocolate, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Floral-toned finish with hints of baking chocolate.
Sweetly floral and berry-driven, balanced.
Narcissus, blueberry, honey, nutmeg, milk chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish leads with notes of blueberry and narcissus in the short, consolidating to milk chocolate in the long.
Delicate, richly aromatic, distinctively high-toned.
Bergamot, jasmine, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, praline in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart, floral structure with juicy, balanced acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
Long, juicy, satisfying finish.
Balanced, sweet-toned, floral.
Tea rose, cocoa nib, pear, almond, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with balanced, poised acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The floral-toned finish that leads with notes of tea rose and almond with hints of pear.
Very sweet, floral-toned.
Freesia, pink grapefruit zest, wild honey, guava, oak in aroma and cup.
Balanced, richly sweet structure with high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of freesia and pink grapefruit zest.
Opulent, richly sweet-tart-savory.
Black currant jam, dark chocolate fudge, cherry blossom, toasted pecan, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with tart-savory underpinnings; elegant, balanced, high-toned acidity.
Deeply chocolaty and fruit-toned in the finish.
Gently bright, richly floral.
Raspberry, dark chocolate, macadamia nut, star jasmine, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart-savory structure with straightforward acidity; plush, velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Quietly juicy, round finish with notes of raspberry and dark chocolate.
Sweetly tart, floral-driven.
Honeysuckle, vanilla bean, cocoa nib, peach, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with gently bright, ripe acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of peach, vanilla bean and oak.
Chocolaty, deeply sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, fresh ginger, plum blossom, lemon verbena, Italian parsley in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with sweet undertones and crisp, citrusy acidity; lively, tannic mouthfeel.
Gently drying, chocolaty and spice-toned finish.
High-toned, richly sweet.
Bing cherry, narcissus, almond butter, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of cherry and lemon verbena, rounding to rich almond notes in the long.
Richly fruit-toned, juicy and deep.
Raspberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, lemon-thyme, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Dark chocolate notes support the fruit-laden finish.
Deep, sweetly earth-toned.
Fresh humus, pipe tobacco, persimmon, molasses, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of pipe tobacco and magnolia with hints of persimmon.
Confidently sweet-tart, decidedly floral.
Honeysuckle, tangerine zest, plum, pipe tobacco, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with bright, juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisp, flavor-saturated finish.
Delicately fruit-toned.
Raspberry jam, lemon thyme, dark chocolate, almond brittle, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of lemon thyme and oak.
High-toned, delicate, richly sweet.
Apricot, cocoa nib, plum blossom, cedar, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned apricot and plum blossom lead the resonant, lingering finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Complex, multi-layered, richly deep.
Honeysuckle, dark chocolate, dried apricot, perique fermented pipe tobacco, pistachio in aroma and small cup.
Viscous, creamy mouthfeel; resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
The milk shot is floral, chocolaty and stone fruit-driven in equal measure.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly fruit-centered, deeply aromatic.
Raspberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, narcissus, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup.
Plush, viscous mouthfeel; fruit- and floral-toned finish.
In three parts milk, spice-toned sweet florals preside, with support from rich chocolate notes.
Delicately sweet, subtly tart, elegant.
Apricot, almond, cocoa nib, key lime, caramel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrup mouthfeel.
Resonant, cocoa-toned finish.
Delicate, sweetly nut-toned.
Candied walnut, persimmon, grapefruit zest, oak, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish is redolent of candied walnut.
Delicately vibrant, crisply sweet-tart.
Peach, cocoa nib, lilac, pink grapefruit zest, pistachio in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart in structure; richly silky mouthfeel.
The satisfying finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned stone fruit.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Green apple, magnolia, oak, maple syrup, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
Almond and apple notes lead in the quiet finish.
Lyrically sweet, juicy, elegantly bright.
Strawberry guava, coconut, hop flowers, narcissus, lemon balm in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with juicy, tantalizing acidity; delicate, very silky mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Vibrant, sweetly savory, floral-toned.
Cocoa nib, black currant, amber, honeysuckle, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around black currant and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and amber in the long.
Crisply sweet, deeply rich.
Date, baking chocolate, magnolia, maple syrup, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Rich-toned, deeply aromatic.
Black currant, toffee, narcissus, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of black currant and toffee that carry far into the long.
Delicate, spice-toned.
Bergamot, cocoa nib, yellow plum, almond, a hint of jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory in structure with brisk acidity; light, satiny mouthfeel.
The spice-toned finish leads with notes of bergamot and plum in the short, rounding to nut-toned cocoa in the long.
Crisply sweet, deep-toned.
Pecan pralines, date, magnolia, cedar, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Notes of baking chocolate lead the quiet finish, supported by pecan and cedar.
Rich-toned, deeply aromatic.
Dark chocolate, hop flowers, brown sugar, orange zest, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with undertones of orange zest and hazelnut.
Bright and tropical; deeply sweet.
Lychee, amber, ginger blossom, almond butter, a hint of coconut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of ginger blossom and coconut.
Elegantly floral, delicately fruit-toned.
Honeysuckle, pink grapefruit zest, agave syrup, cocoa nib, lemon balm in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with bright, balanced acidity; lyrically silky mouthfeel.
Pretty floral-leaning finish centers on notes of honeysuckle and lemon balm with undertones of cocoa nib.
Deeply sweet, chocolaty.
Chocolate fudge, magnolia, almond brittle, gently scorched sandalwood, marshmallow in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with almond and sandalwood undertones.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich.
Dark chocolate, hazelnut, gently scorched cedar, raisin, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and small cup.
Full, creamy mouthfeel; chocolaty, wood-framed finish.
Milk amplifies both dark chocolate and hazelnut notes in a richly sweet presentation.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward.
Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, almond brittle, thyme, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Crisply sweet, balanced.
Plum, orange zest, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of rich almond butter and orange zest, with cedar undertones.
Balanced, sweet-toned.
Date, baking chocolate, cedar, freesia-like flowers, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The cedary finish is supported by notes of date and freesia.
Gently fruit-toned.
Raspberry jam, wine barrel, dark chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish evokes hard berry cider with chocolate and gardenia undertones.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, raisin, cedar, almond, lily in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish consolidates to notes of chocolate-toned raisin and cedar.
Deeply sweet, rich-toned, juicy.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, cashew, pink grapefruit zest, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The fruit-forward finish is balanced by notes of cashew and dark chocolate.
Concentrated, rich-toned, deep.
Dried plum, sandalwood, baking chocolate, star jasmine, lemon thyme in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with bright acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of dried plum and sandalwood with hints of baking chocolate.
Balanced, richly sweet.
Apricot, agave syrup, baking chocolate, cashew butter, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The long, gentle finish centers around notes of chocolate and cashew butter with hints of tangerine zest.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly floral, complex, nuanced.
Lilac, dark chocolate, black cherry, myrrh, lemon-thyme in aroma and small cup.
Very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; deep, rich, flavor-laden finish.
This coffee particularly impresses in three parts milk, with lyric, lilac top notes, rich, fudge-like bottom notes, and black cherry, myrrh and lemon thyme in the mid-palate.
Subtly complex, deeply sweet.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, mango, frankincense, spearmint in aroma and cup.
Bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
The balanced finish leads with notes of star jasmine and mango, followed by cocoa suggestions.
Delicate, high-toned, complex.
Guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, sandalwood, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish consolidates to attractive notes of guava and cocoa nib.
Balanced, bright.
Cocoa nib, orange zest, almond brittle, plum, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with juicy, high-toned acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Quiet finish that leads with notes of cocoa nib and orange zest, rounding to cedar in the long.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, apricot, lemon verbena, fresh-cut fir, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, fir, and lemon verbena.
Evaluated as espresso.
Bright, juicy, cleanly fruit-forward.
Dark chocolate, pomegranate, tangerine zest, brown sugar, oak in aroma and small cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the crisply sweet finish leads with pomegranate and brown sugar notes, followed by fresh-cut oak.
Pomegranate and dark chocolate saturate the rich milk shot.
Richly sweet, deeply berry-toned.
Dried blueberry, rhododendron, lime zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of dried blueberry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones.
Sweet-savory, deeply aromatic.
Dried raspberry, young goat cheese, vanilla, dark chocolate, barley in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with sweet-tart lactic acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty finish with a lactic tang.
Gently crisp, sweet-toned.
Honeydew melon, baking chocolate, hazelnut, fir, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with pert acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Nut-toned finish with undertones of aromatic wood.
Lyrically sweet, luxuriously chocolaty.
Chocolate fudge, tamarind, sandalwood, narcissus, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish resolves around chocolate fudge and tamarind with undertones of rich sandalwood.
Richly aromatic, tropical.
Lychee, pineapple, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, ginger blossom in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Balanced, deep-toned, floral.
Honeysuckle, apricot, almond butter, dark chocolate, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with comfortable, straightforward acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
Floral-driven finish with undertones of dark chocolate and almond.
Richly sweet-tart, cleanly fruit-toned.
Pineapple guava, rhododendron, cocoa nib, cane sugar, a hint of spearmint in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with citrusy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisp, lingering finish centers around notes of rhododendron and spearmint.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced, bright.
Nectarine, narcissus, Meyer lemon zest, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with lively, almost effervescent acidity; satiny-smooth, fluffy mouthfeel.
The lingering finish leads with notes of nectarine and narcissus, rounding to nougat in the long.
Delicately sweet, deeply fruit-toned.
Goji berry, alyssum, almond brittle, marjoram, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of goji berry and almond brittle.
Deeply sweet-savory, berry-toned.
Mulberry, brown sugar, Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Richly bittersweet finish with notes of brown sugar, dark chocolate, and hop flowers.
Deeply rich and sweet.
Molasses, dark chocolate, almond, lily, date in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Crisp, quiet finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and almond.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly aromatic, deeply sweet-savory, floral-toned.
Hop flowers, lilac, butterscotch, almond brittle, date in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, lasting finish redolent of both sweet and savory florals and deep nut-butter tones.
Delicately fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous.
Dried mango, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, almond, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Long, resounding flavor-saturated finish.
Deeply aromatic, sweet-savory.
Grape candy, dark chocolate, lavender, shiitake mushroom, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Savory-tending finish consolidates to notes of Shiitake mushroom and lavender.
Evaluated as espresso.
Cleanly fruit-toned, deep, complex.
Pomegranate, narcissus, lemon-thyme, chocolate fudge, sandalwood in aroma and small cup.
Creamy mouthfeel; richly chocolaty finish with undertones of sandalwood.
The milk shot is chocolaty through and through, fudge-like in its depth, complicated by sweet-tart pomegranate notes.
Delicately sweet-tart, rich-toned.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, gardenia, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around dried apricot and hazelnut.
Bright, juicy, high-toned.
Guava, almond butter, wild honey, tangerine zest, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet, elegantly tart structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish carries forward all the notes from the cup.
Richly aromatic, deeply complex.
Tamarind, narcissus, black currant, ripe tomato, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with juicy-tart acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Savory-leaning finish driven by notes of ripe tomato and cocoa nib with undertones of black currant and cedar.
Juicy, bright, tropical.
Pineapple, myrrh, coconut, freesia-like flowers, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of pineapple and freesia, rounding to almond and coconut in the long.
Deeply spice-toned, singular and complex.
Dried red currant, sandalwood, fresh cinnamon, dark chocolate, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet with wine-toned acidity; viscous, full mouthfeel.
The spice-toned finish is supported by notes of dark chocolate and red currant.
Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned.
Baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, Bing cherry, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut (think Nutella) with undertones of cherry.
Cocoa-toned, balanced.
Cocoa powder, date, magnolia, orange zest, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and orange zest with undertones of magnolia.
Blind assessment: Delicately floral-toned.
Lilac, pear, maple syrup, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Almond and caramel notes lead the quiet, pleasing finish.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned.
Raspberry, honeysuckle, praline, marjoram, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of praline and fresh-cut oak.
Vibrant, sweet-savory, floral-toned.
Cocoa nib, red currant, myrrh, honeysuckle, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers on red currant and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and myrrh in the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, crisply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, date, magnolia, oak, a hint of marjoram in aroma and small cup.
Satiny mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, deep chocolate notes are further animated, as are magnolia-like florals.
Brightly sweet, richly tart.
Rose hips, dried nectarine, frangipane, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with pert acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of rose hips and cedar.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Magnolia, date, almond, caramel, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Floral and nut-toned finish.
Citrusy and sweetly herbaceous, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa nib, marjoram, pink grapefruit zest, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib, marjoram and nougat.
Gently fruit-toned, sweetly tart.
Plum, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisp, high-toned with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The sweetly herbaceous finish is driven by lemon verbena and maple syrup notes with oak undertones.
Balanced, delicate, floral-toned.
Dogwood flowers, baking chocolate, apricot, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, gently floral finish with a cedar throughline.
Delicate, crisply sweet.
Prairie flowers, fresh-cut fir, almond, orange zest, date in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with undertones of orange zest and almond.
Deeply and richly sweet, resonantly aromatic.
Dried mango, wild honey, lilac, pistachio, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Juicy-sweet structure with refined acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of mango, honey and pistachio.
Chocolaty and deep-toned.
Date, baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly sweet, resonant acidity; satiny, full mouthfeel.
Chocolate and richly wood-framed finish.
Bittersweet, cleanly fruit-toned.
Dark chocolate, raspberry, pink grapefruit zest, almond butter, lilac in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and raspberry.
Delicately sweet-tart.
Apricot, cocoa nib, hazelnut, Meyer lemon zest, hyacinth in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, citrusy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of stone fruit and sweet citrus zest.
Bright, juicy, fruit-toned.
Lychee, plum blossom, Meyer lemon zest, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to attractive notes of lychee and nougat with sandalwood undertones.
Delicately bright, balanced, crisply sweet.
Bing cherry, cocoa nib, lemon yogurt, lavender, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tangy with gently lactic, savory-edged acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
A fruit-driven finish is supported by cocoa nib with a continued gentle lactic tang.
Juicy, bright, confidently fruit- and floral-toned.
Candy cap mushroom, dark chocolate, kefir, plumeria, mesquite in aroma and cup.
Tangy-sweet structure with lactic-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Pungently sweet-savory, deep, expressive.
Dark chocolate, dried mango, fine musk, rum barrel, honeysuckle in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with roundly tart acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Particularly musky, fruit-toned finish with dark chocolate undertones.
Lactic, chocolaty, sweetly tart.
Young goat cheese, dark chocolate, roasted pine nut, persimmon, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Tart-sweet structure with deeply tangy, lactic acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to an attractive chocolate-toned kefir.
Earth-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Moist cedar, breadfruit, magnolia, cocoa powder, musk.
Savory-leaning with sweetly brisk acidity; light-footed, smooth mouthfeel.
A hazelnut-like note emerges in the finish, alongside cocoa powder and moist cedar.
Rich, deep, resoundingly lactic and pungent.
Distinct dark chocolate, blue cheese, lily-like flowers, vanilla, pipe tobacco.
Savory sweet structure; tangy acidity.
Plush, velvety mouthfeel.
The chocolate and blue cheese notes sustain in a surprisingly balanced, harmonic finish.
Roasty-sweet, floral-toned.
Golden raisin, gently scorched cedar, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, molasses in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Very sweet, long finish with pleasing notes of dark chocolate, freesia, and a complicating hint of smokiness.
Intensely fruit-forward, high-toned.
Passion fruit, cocoa nib, mango custard, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Crisply tart-leaning structure with citrusy acidity; lightly velvety mouthfeel.
Quietly fruit-driven finish.
Sweetly spice-toned, floral.
Wisteria, dark chocolate, black currant, marjoram, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly rich, tart structure with vibrant acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Notes of star wisteria and black currant carry the sweet, deep-toned finish.
Lyrically sweet, gently herb-toned, very complex.
Bergamot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel.
Sweetly herbaceous finish with notes of marjoram supported by cocoa nib.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Tamarind, hop flowers, brown sugar, cedar, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with bright, lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar, tamarind and cedar.
Juicy, bright, intricately balanced.
Apricot, cocoa nib, jasmine, maple syrup, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart with bright, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and fruit-toned finish with hints of jasmine.
Deep-toned, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, date, almond butter, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and date.
Deep-toned, floral and chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, honeysuckle, tamarind, mulberry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded but vibrant acidity; very syrupy, viscous mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, balanced, flavor-saturated finish.
Tropical fruit-driven, resonantly aromatic.
Lychee, guava, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; plush, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of lychee and freesia with cocoa undertones.
High-toned, juicy-bright.
Pineapple, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, myrrh, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bold, balanced acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit- and cocoa-toned finish supported by narcissus-like floral notes.
Crisply sweet, cocoa toned.
Cocoa powder, date, oak, magnolia, hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of magnolia and oak.
Crisply sweet, complex, cocoa- and floral-toned.
Cocoa nib, star jasmine, plum, tangerine zest, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly sweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with undertones of plum and tangerine zest.
Vibrant, gently fruit-toned.
Dried apricot, lemon drop, freesia-like flowers, oak, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of lemon balm and honey, supported by fresh-cut oak.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-driven.
Dried apricot, almond nougat, clove, freesia-like flowers, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with complex tart and savory undertones and juicy, bright acidity; nectar-like mouthfeel.
The crisp, fruit-forward finish centers around notes of dried apricot and almond nougat.
Delicately berry-toned with savory impulses.
Dried strawberry, honey, star jasmine, fresh-cut cedar, macadamia nut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, lively acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, rich finish redolent of strawberry and star jasmine.
Brightly sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Mango, sandalwood, toffee, cocoa nib, spicy freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-and floral-toned finish with sandalwood undertones.
High-toned, resinously nutty, intensely sweet.
Wild honey, plum, magnolia, mesquite, pistachio in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with savory-leaning acidity; viscous, nectar-like mouthfeel.
Gentle, sweetly rich finish with notes of wild honey, pistachio and mesquite into the long.
Deeply sweet, round, balanced.
Apricot, baking chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with quietly lively acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
Suggestions of baking chocolate and maple syrup support the cedar-toned finish.
Balanced, elegant, gently stated.
Cocoa nib, pomegranate, fresh-tanned leather, wisteria, cashew in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with tart underpinnings and brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to pomegranate and leather suggestions.
Sweetly roast-toned, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, lily, vanilla, dried fig, scorched cedar in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet-savory structure; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel.
Dark chocolate notes lead in the finish, rounding to dried fruit and vanilla notes in the long.
Lyrically sweet, intriguing tart, complexly savory.
Mulberry, sage, bergamot, frankincense, apple blossom in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with delicately bright, multi-layered acidity; very viscous, plush mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-laden finish, long and confident.
Richly berry and citrus-toned; bright and lively.
Blackberry jam, tangerine zest, almond nougat, freesia-like flowers, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Fruit-forward structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The vibrant finish carries forward all of the aroma and flavor notes of the cup, blackberry and wild honey, in particular.
Deep, rich, berry-driven.
Raspberry coulis, wild honey, star jasmine, marzipan, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, crisp acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel.
The long, resonant finish is redolent of raspberry and star jasmine with sandalwood undertones.
Richly berry-toned, sweetly herbaceous.
Raspberry coulis, lemon verbena, wild honey, cedar, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The fruit-forward finish is supported by sweet herb notes and rich aromatic wood suggesting cedar.
Juicy-sweet, fruit-driven.
Lychee, tea rose, sandalwood, cashew, chocolate fudge in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, long, flavor-laden finish centers around notes of lychee and chocolate.
Fruit-forward, high-toned.
Pink grapefruit zest, rhododendron, baking chocolate, agave syrup, freesia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned finish with citrus undertones.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned.
Watermelon candy, dark chocolate, a whiff of Bourbon barrel, fresh-cut fir, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, dry, chocolaty short finish with notes of sweet watermelon and whiskyish ferment in the long.
Floral and richly fruit-forward.
Tea rose, anise, ripe cantaloupe, roasted pecan, marshmallow in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet-savory structure with winy, bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
The rich finish leads with notes of tea rose and cantaloupe, supported by anise and marshmallow.
Richly aromatic, complex, multi-layered.
Lychee, lavender, cocoa nib, hazelnut butter, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory with lively, juicy acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Delicately sweet, richly perfumy.
Bergamot, marzipan, lilac, apricot, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with very lively, juicy acidity; lightly viscous, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of bergamot and lily, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Bright, juicy, high-toned.
Bing cherry, chocolate fudge, toffee, hop flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory with vibrant, citrusy acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
The tart-leaning finish is rounded by sweet chocolate notes.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply nuanced.
Lychee, pink grapefruit zest, sassafras, cocoa nib, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Deep-toned, balanced structure with lush, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
Complexly layered finish redolent of lychee and star jasmine, with cocoa nib undertones.
Evaluated as espresso.
Complex, multi-layered, rich-toned.
Red plum, dark chocolate, cashew butter, cocoa nib, a hint of rosemary in aroma and small cup.
Very syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-laden finish.
In three parts milk, red plum and cashew butter take center stage, supported by gentle cocoa nib and a whisper of a savory, rosemary-like herb.
Evaluated as espresso.
Spice-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Baking spices, mulberry, dark caramel, marjoram, narcissus in aroma and small cup.
Nectar-like mouthfeel; crisp, sweet finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, mulberry and clove notes lead, with undertones of dark caramel and narcissus.
Delicately perfumed, sweetly fermenty.
Green grape, rum barrel, rhododendron, cocoa nib, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweet ferment suggesting rum barrel animates the crisply cocoa-toned finish.
Complex, richly sweet-savory, deeply floral.
Star jasmine, salted caramel, cocoa nib, wild strawberry, mustard seed in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart-savory structure with high-toned acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of caramel and mustard seed.
Citrusy-bright, juicy-sweet, spice-toned.
Pink grapefruit zest, green peppercorn, honeysuckle, agave syrup, frankincense in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet-tart structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of pink grapefruit zest and honeysuckle with green peppercorn and frankincense in the long.
Subtly complex, fruit-toned.
Raspberry coulis, freesia, almond nougat, cedar, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Berry and cedar-toned finish.
Crisply spice-toned.
Molasses, dried cherry, clove, cashew, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of molasses, clove and cashew.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold.
Dried guava, dark chocolate, frangipane, vanilla, cedar.
Sweet-tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; refreshingly silky mouthfeel.
Guava and dark chocolate lead in the finish, with undertones of cedar and vanilla.
Like sweet guava ice cream with a cedar edge in milk.
Complex, bright, cleanly fruit-forward.
Meyer lemon zest, ripe plum, cocoa nib, violet, black sage in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with crisp, juicy acidity; silky, supple mouthfeel.
Deeply layered finish centered on stone fruit and cocoa.
Crisply sweet-tart, bright and juicy.
Tamarind, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, freesia, redwood in aroma and cup.
Bright, juicy, electric acidity; deep, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweet, long finish with notes of cocoa nib and pink grapefruit zest.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward.
Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, cashew butter, thyme, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Rich-toned, floral- and fruit-driven.
Jasmine, apricot, almond, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Delicately viscous mouthfeel; crisp finish centered around chocolate and almond notes.
The milk shot is boldly pleasing, chocolate-laden and richly floral.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart.
Tea rose, peach, almond butter, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, lively acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of almond and maple syrup with tea rose gently resurfacing in the long.
Sweetly tart, gently fruit-toned.
Apricot, orange blossom, cocoa nib, nougat, cashew in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and cashew.
Crisply sweet, fruit-forward.
Dried mango, agave syrup, lime zest, pink peppercorn, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Richly drying finish leads with notes of dried mango and agave syrup in the short, with hints of pink peppercorn and cedar in the long.
Very sweet, richly savory.
Honey, tiger lily, fresh pipe tobacco, ginseng, date in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with juicy-tart acidity; Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish leads with notes of pipe tobacco and flowers.
Sweetly spice-toned.
Red currant, tea rose, pink peppercorn, cocoa powder, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The quiet finish consolidates to notes of red currant and pink peppercorn.
Cleanly fruit-toned, delicately sweet-tart.
Raspberry, bergamot, cocoa nib, honey, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with delicate, buoyant mouthfeel; crisp, fruit-forward finish.
Bright, richly chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, plum, almond, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, nut-toned finish with undertones of fresh-cut cedar.
Delicate, sweet, quietly nuanced.
Clover, oak, cocoa powder, macadamia nut, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with a quietly present, backgrounded acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweet, subtly complex finish.
Lyrically balanced, richly spice-toned.
Bergamot, wisteria, cocoa nib, sugarcane, guava in aroma and cup.
Intoxicatingly sweet structure with delicately bright acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Honeysuckle, raisin, pistachio, caramel, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Floral and nut-toned finish.
Fruit-forward, deeply sweet.
Blueberry, dark chocolate, magnolia, cedar, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with blueberry and almond undertones.
Delicate, richly sweet, floral-toned.
Star jasmine, raspberry, cocoa nib, maple syrup, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Bright, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The long finish centers around deep floral and bright berry tones, grounded by cocoa nib.
Very fruit-centric, spicily floral.
Watermelon candy, star jasmine, agave syrup, pistachio butter, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-tart with energetic acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel.
Resonant, fruit-focused finish with pistachio undertones.
Richly sweet, deep-toned, bright and juicy.
Pomegranate, dark chocolate, marshmallow, hazelnut butter, key lime in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with high-toned, balanced acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of hazelnut and key lime.
Deep-toned, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, date, hazelnut, fresh-cut cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of hazelnut and date.
Complex, sweetly and intricately herbaceous, citrusy.
Lemon verbena, cardamom, cocoa nib, ginger, aromatic orchid in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory with delicately juicy acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
High-toned, floral-driven, lyrically sweet.
Wisteria, Keemun tea, white nectarine, fresh-cut basil, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Impeccably crystalline, balanced structure with buoyant acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel.
Very long, integrated, satisfying finish, with fruit and floral notes singing into the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Crisply sweet, balanced, deep-toned.
Pomegranate, dark chocolate, molasses, sandalwood, lilac in aroma and small cup.
Viscous, full mouthfeel; tart, chocolaty finish.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolaty and richly floral-toned.
Deeply sweet, richly savory.
Black cherry, freesia-like flowers, almond, dark chocolate, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates around notes of black cherry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones.
Delicate, richly aromatic, complex.
Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, guava, marjoram, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with zesty-bright acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of guava and tangerine zest, rounding to cocoa and marjoram in the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Rich-toned, deeply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, raspberry, molasses, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup.
Very syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-toned finish.
In three parts milk, a pretty floral note suggesting gardenia surfaces alongside raspberry and chocolate.
Floral-toned, deeply sweet.
Tea rose, nectarine, sandalwood, cocoa nib, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity and lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and tea rose, supported by hints of nectarine.
Gently fruit-toned, richly bittersweet.
Raspberry, hop flowers, baking chocolate, honey, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with balanced acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The quietly intricate finish centers around raspberry and chocolate suggestions.
Citrusy, floral-toned.
Bergamot, rhododendron, cashew butter, cocoa nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with pert acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of cashew butter and maple syrup with a hint of bergamot.
Deeply sweet-savory, chocolate-toned.
Dark chocolate, pear, praline, magnolia, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish is very chocolaty with undertones of praline and magnolia.
Cleanly fruit-forward, chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, dried persimmon, halvah, cedar, honey in aroma and cup.
Gently bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit- and chocolate-toned finish, crisp and long.
Multi-layered, rich, intricately sweet.
Lemon balm, apricot, cardamom, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with vibrant, juicy acidity; rich, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of lemon and cardamom, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Richly sweet, elegantly tart.
Wisteria, pomegranate, fresh-cut fir, marjoram, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with balanced acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to suggestions of fir, marjoram and orange zest.
Crisply sweet, delicately aromatic.
Hazelnut, date, tiger lily, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The wood-framed finish is sweetly nut-toned into the long.
Rich-toned, enigmatic, complex.
Red currant, star jasmine, pomegranate, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of red currant and dark chocolate with hints of cedar.
Crisp, balanced, bright.
Red currant, thyme, wild honey, cocoa nib, amber in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with crisp, lively acidity; viscous, almost creamy mouthfeel.
Finish is sweetly herbaceous with hints of wild honey.
Richly sweet, deeply savory.
Dried persimmon, baking chocolate, hop flowers, myrrh, tarragon in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
The rich, resonant, exceptionally long finish centers around notes of persimmon and chocolate supported by myrrh and tarragon.
Sweetly tart, richly savory.
Star jasmine, pink grapefruit zest, ripe blackberry, cocoa nib, toffee in aroma and cup.
Brightly tart-savory, complex structure with juicy acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel.
Star jasmine and blackberry notes lead in the long, resonant finish.
Chocolaty, sweetly savory.
Baking chocolate, lemon verbena, pomegranate, fresh-cut oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Quiet finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and maple syrup, supported by undertones of fresh-cut oak.
Bright, richly floral-toned.
Wisteria, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The satisfying finish leads with notes of wisteria and tangerine, rounding to almond nougat and sandalwood in the long.
Richly cocoa-toned.
Cocoa nib, cashew butter, lily, lemon verbena, date in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with mild acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and nut-driven finish.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet.
Dried apricot, molasses, almond brittle, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweetly nut-toned, long finish with notes of almond brittle and molasses.
Richly sweet-savory, citrus-toned.
Tangerine zest, maple syrup, pistachio, rhododendron, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with gentle, round acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The quiet finish is carried by notes of baking chocolate and pistachio.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Almond butter, yellow plum, milk chocolate, clover flowers, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with mild acidity; satiny, delicate mouthfeel.
The sweetly nut-toned finish is supported by notes of chocolate and thyme.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Date, hop flowers, tamarind, oak, cane sugar in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with lively acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweetly tart finish leads with tamarind notes, supported by sweet aromatic wood.
Richly sweet-tart.
Black currant, almond, cocoa nib, freesia, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Nut-toned finish with cedar undertones.
Richly chocolaty, floral-toned.
Dark chocolate, magnolia, almond, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with mild acidity; delicate, velvety mouthfeel.
A simple finish consolidates to notes of cedar and almond.
Crisply cocoa-toned.
Baking chocolate, almond nougat, carnation, golden raisin, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Nut-toned finish with hints of baking chocolate and golden raisin.
Crisply cocoa-toned.
Baking chocolate, magnolia, pie cherry, oak, cane sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of oak and cane sugar.
Fruit-forward, multi-layered.
Blueberry, musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with lively acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with dark berries in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and a touch of sweet ferment.
Delicately sweet-savory, elegantly herb-toned.
Tarragon, lilac, nectarine, lemon balm, amber in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The complex, richly nuanced finish centers around lilac and tarragon with nectarine and amber undertones.
Balanced, richly fruit-forward.
Lychee, cocoa nib, wisteria, maple syrup, pistachio brittle in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with delicately juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned tropical fruit and pistachio.
Sweetly fermenty, deeply rich.
Aged red wine, ginger blossom, vanilla, pink grapefruit zest, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Very sweet, high-toned structure with winy acidity; smooth, creamy mouthfeel.
Spice-toned, delicate finish.
Delicately sweet-tart, richly aromatic.
Pomegranate, lavender, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, graceful acidity; light but viscous, silky mouthfeel.
Long, confident finish led by notes of lavender and pomegranate, rounding to citrus-toned cocoa nib in the long.
Sweet-savory, multi-layered, deep-toned.
Tangerine zest, dark chocolate, goji berry, almond nougat, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resounding, satisfying finish driven by chocolate and citrus.
High-toned, elegant, balanced.
Apricot, almond butter, bergamot, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; very syrupy, lively mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of apricot and almond.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, lavender, date, agave syrup, lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with velvety-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with lavender undertones.
Chocolaty, cleanly fruit-forward.
Dark chocolate, blueberry, sandalwood, wisteria, lemongrass in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Richly chocolaty finish with undertones of wisteria and sandalwood.
Richly aromatic, deeply and sweetly herb-toned.
Cocoa nib, bergamot, lilac, maple syrup, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet-toned in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The long, resonant finish is flavor-saturated, floral- and fruit-toned.
Richly sweet, deeply nut-toned.
Almond butter, cane sugar, orange zest, date, a hint of magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The quiet, sweet finish that leads with notes of almond butter and date.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Crisply chocolaty, sweet-toned.
Baking chocolate, orange zest, almond, rhododendron, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; gently drying, cocoa-toned finish.
In three parts, milk, crisply sweet and chocolaty with pleasing rhododendron notes.
Deeply sweet, citrus-toned.
Magnolia, tangerine zest, caramel, baking chocolate, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The delicate finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and tangerine zest.
Rich, resonant, lyrically juicy.
Dark chocolate, dried white peach, lilac, myrrh, ginseng in aroma and cup.
Balanced, high-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, integrated finish fulfills the promise of the cup.
Deeply sweet-savory, intricate, inviting.
Black currant, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, fresh-cut oak, Nutella in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to lasting black currant and Nutella notes.
Deep yet soaring, vertically complex.
Dried black currant, dark chocolate, sandalwood, ginger blossom, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory with deep, vibrant acidity; viscous but buoyant mouthfeel.
The long, lingering, multi-layered finish thoroughly honors the promise of the cup.
Quietly complex, gently bright.
Macadamia nut, baking chocolate, magnolia, blackberry, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of crisp chocolate and cedar.
Sweetly bright, intense, perfumy.
Passionfruit, banana, chocolate fudge, cedar, lily in aroma and cup.
Juicy and lactic tangy-sweet in structure; creamy-smooth in mouthfeel.
The sweet but gently drying finish consolidates to suggestions of chocolate, fruit and lily.
Chocolaty and richly wood-framed.
Dark chocolate, fresh-cut pine, magnolia, pink peppercorn, golden raisin in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Richly drying, chocolaty finish.
Deeply pungent, richly sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, cranberry sauce, orange blossom, lemon-thyme, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-savory with winy acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and cranberry sauce with undertones of wine barrel.
Crisply sweet, richly resonant.
Red apple, almond butter, cane sugar, fresh-cut oak, lily in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around almond, oak and crisp apple.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Delicately sweet, citrus-toned.
Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, jasmine, almond, cherry blossom in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, silky mouthfeel; cocoa-toned, citrusy finish.
In three parts milk, cocoa notes move forward while tangerine falls back to a supporting role.
Berry-toned, invitingly nuanced.
Raspberry, musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with brisk acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel.
The finish leads with distinct raspberry notes in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and pleasing sweet ferment.
Richly sweet, deep-toned.
Baking chocolate, hazelnut, date, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Chocolate-toned finish with undertones of hazelnut and cedar.
Sweetly roast-toned, floral.
Gardenia, dark chocolate, raisin, gently scorched oak, cashew in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; delicate, velvety mouthfeel.
Dark chocolate and gardenia lead in the finish, supported by smoky oak.
Intricately layered, deeply sweet.
Wisteria, cocoa nib, nectarine, amber, cashew in aroma and cup.
Bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of wisteria and nectarine, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Gently fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous.
Dried apricot, marjoram, cocoa nib, lilac, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with vibrant, inviting acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa tones in the finish are supported by suggestions of marjoram and a hint of lilac.
Crisply high-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, goji berry, lemon verbena, honeysuckle, hazelnut brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with lively, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to dark chocolate and honeysuckle.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply berry-toned.
Fresh blueberry, rhododendron, Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and dark chocolate with oak undertones.
Elegantly bright, richly juicy, elaborately complete.
Toffee, pomelo, plum marmalade, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with lyrically balanced acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, satisfying finish.
Deeply and richly sweet, chocolate- and berry-toned.
Blackberry, dark chocolate fudge, almond nougat, agave syrup, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
The crisp finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate fudge and blackberry.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly chocolaty, complex, multi-layered.
Chocolate fudge, dried passionfruit, almond nougat, cedar, graphite in aroma and small cup.
Lively, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet-tart, chocolaty finish.
In three parts milk, chocolate notes are amplified, and fruit tones softened, while the pleasing mineral edge lingers.
Deeply rich, sweetly savory.
Pomelo, myrrh, dried apricot, dark chocolate, the pungent herb epazote in aroma and cup.
Juicy-sweet structure with tart, zesty acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of apricot and chocolate with hints of tarragon.
Sweetly herbaceous, cocoa-driven.
Cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, pink grapefruit zest, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
T
Crisply sweet-tart, richly wood-framed.
Rhododendron, blueberry, rum barrel, chocolate fudge, pecan praline in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with winy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, drying finish that leads with notes of oak barrel and deep chocolate.
Complex, richly sweet.
Nectarine, lime zest, cocoa nib, nougat, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and lime zest.
Intensely fruit-driven, richly sweet-tart.
Raspberry jam, maple syrup, cocoa nib, fresh-cut fir, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gently tart acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with undertones of maple syrup and fir.
Intensely aromatic, richly fruit-driven.
Dark chocolate, fermented pomegranate juice, gardenia, sassafras, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with richly bittersweet, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and floral in the finish with a deliberate hint of ferment.
Sweetly fruit-driven, richly aromatic.
Lychee, hop flowers, cocoa nib, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of lychee and hop flowers with cocoa undertones.
Deep-toned, sweet, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, golden raisin, molasses, baking spices, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, velvety mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty finish.
Cleanly fruit-toned, juicy, deep.
Raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, lavender, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
High-toned, sweetly tart structure with juicy-vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Rich, inviting, flavor-saturated finish.
Deeply sweet-savory, complex, layered.
Asian pear, rhododendron, pomelo, Nutella, candied walnut in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with gently bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Crisply sweet-tart, cocoa-toned.
Narcissus, cocoa nib, raspberry, tangerine zest, white peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; delicate, very silky mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish is supported by undertones of tangerine zest and white peppercorn.
Delicate, complex, rich-toned.
Cocoa nib, persimmon, caramel, cardamom, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; lithe, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with undercurrents of caramel and cardamom.
Subtly complex, rich-toned.
Goji berry, cocoa nib, agave nectar, hibiscus, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
Bright, bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of goji berry and lemon-thyme.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, vibrant.
Persimmon, dark chocolate, marshmallow, pistachio, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of pistachio and dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso.
Complex, vibrant, richly nuanced.
Toffee, pomegranate, dark chocolate, star jasmine, marjoram in aroma and small cup.
Very viscous, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Integrated and harmonious in three parts milk, with pomegranate and dark chocolate framing deep suggestions of star jasmine.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deeply sweet, harmoniously balanced.
Pomegranate syrup, almond butter, cedar, dark chocolate, plumeria in aroma and small cup.
Full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, floral-toned finish.
Plumeria notes predominate in cappuccino-scaled milk, with undertones of dark chocolate and almond butter.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward.
Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, almond brittle, lemon thyme, cedar in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant finish, flavor-laden well into the long.
Harmoniously balanced, deep-toned, bright.
Nectarine, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, star jasmine, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with malic, apple-toned acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The satisfying finish carries over all the flavor notes from the cup.
Crisply sweet, gently tart.
Red plum, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, honey in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with crisp, lively acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of red plum and dark chocolate.
Richly aromatic, deeply sweet.
Dark chocolate, blackberry, honeysuckle, fresh-cut oak, lemon balm in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel.
Rich chocolate and fresh blackberry notes dominate in a flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet-savory, deep-toned.
Concord grape, baking spices, dark chocolate, tea rose, the scent of balsa wood in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel.
Crisp, sweetly wood-framed finish with undertones of baking spices.
Bright, citrusy, floral-toned.
Pink grapefruit zest, lemon thyme, baking chocolate, date, lilac in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with balanced acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Citrusy finish with undertones of baking chocolate.
Juicy, fruit-toned, bright and lively.
Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, hop flowers, thyme, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet in structure, balanced with juicy acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of raspberry and dark chocolate supported by richly bittersweet hop flowers.
Richly bittersweet, citrus-toned.
Bergamot, dark chocolate, narcissus, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and bergamot.
Richly fruit-forward, chocolaty.
Dried persimmon, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with winy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to dried persimmon, chocolate fudge, and cedar.
Elegantly fruit-toned, complex, deeply layered.
Lychee, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, plumeria in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; supple, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, nuanced finish retains all of the flavor and aroma notes from the cup and adds a subtle incense-like note suggesting sandalwood.
Richly sweet, deeply aromatic.
Strawberry guava, cocoa nib, wild honey, marjoram, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with richly tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Long, lingering finish with strawberry guava and cocoa nib in front and wild honey and marjoram undertones.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Blackberry jam, toffee, lavender, spearmint, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly sweet-savory structure with lilting acidity; lively, viscous mouthfeel.
Blackberry and lavender notes lead in the short finish, which rounds toward toffee in the long.
Dried mulberry, lemon verbena, apple blossom, cocoa nib, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Sweet, high-toned structure with fruity acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and mulberry-driven finish.
Juicy, fruit-driven, balanced.
Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, narcissus, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with winy acidity; impressively satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisply sweet-tart finish centers around raspberry and chocolate suggestions.
Quietly bittersweet, cocoa-toned.
Lime zest, cocoa powder, hop flowers, cedar, persimmon in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and hop flowers.
Exuberantly sweet-toned, richly floral.
Dark chocolate, narcissus, sandalwood, blood orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright, fruity acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around citrus, chocolate, and flowers.
Floral-toned, delicately chocolaty.
Lilac, cocoa nib, red currant, honey, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure; bright, balanced acidity.
Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with cocoa nib and concludes with honey-toned red currant.
Richly sweet, floral-toned.
Magnolia, almond, maple syrup, plum, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure, with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
The richly drying finish centers around notes of almond and myrrh.
Delicately sweet, deeply savory.
Butterscotch, cocoa nib, black currant, frankincense, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of butterscotch and marjoram.
Brightly sweet-tart.
Pomegranate, cedar, baking chocolate, freesia-like flowers, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and freesia, rounding to cedar and brown sugar in the long.
Quietly nuanced, nut-forward.
Hazelnut, caramel, grapefruit, fresh-cut fir, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweetly brisk structure; velvety mouthfeel.
The nut-toned finish is supported by caramel and spice-toned florals.
Delicately and confidently sweet.
Watermelon candy, lemon-thyme, cocoa nib, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; very smooth, full mouthfeel.
Sweetly herbaceous finish.
Passion fruit, dark chocolate, frankincense, wisteria, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Lasting, flavor-saturated finish with nuanced layers of fruit and florals into the long.
Richly sweet-savory, deep-toned.
Baking spices, dark chocolate, date, narcissus, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with juicy, resonant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish that leads with baking spices with undertones of dark chocolate and narcissus.
Aromatically other-worldly, resoundingly juicy.
Caramelized pineapple, aromatic orchid, pistachio, raw chocolate, oolong tea in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory-tart structure with gently bright acidity; deep, syrupy mouthfeel.
Flavor-laden finish with especially impressive fruit and florals.
Richly sweet-tart, delicately balanced.
Lychee, cocoa nib, sandalwood, star jasmine, hot buttered rum in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
High-toned, balanced, richly sweet-tart.
Dried apricot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, caramel, star anise in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, engaging
Richly sweet-savory.
Caramel, guava, rose hips, hop flowers, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with sweetly brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Spice-toned finish consolidates to notes of pink peppercorn and caramel.
Delicately sweet-tart, rich-toned.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, cashew butter, plumeria, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with tart, juicy
Delicately tropical.
Lychee, ginger blossom, cocoa nib, amber, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet, lively structure with juicy acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Delicately sweet-tart.
Cocoa nib, green plum, hazelnut, lavender, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with bright, citrusy acidity; velvety
Evaluated as espresso.
Balanced, chocolaty, subtly fruit-toned.
Dark chocolate, tamarind, wild honey, marjoram, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with undertones of tamarind and wild honey.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, tart tamarind notes stand up to the chocolate, and undercurrents of honeysuckle contribute sweet spice notes.
Crisp, lively, citrus-toned.
Meyer lemon zest, plum, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with Meyer lemon and cocoa notes supported by a hint of agave syrup.
Aromatic, wood-framed, berry-toned.
Berry melange, fresh-cut cedar, agave syrup, lily, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with berry and grapefruit undertones.
Flavor-saturated, sweetly tart.
Candy apple, lime zest, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Gently tart structure with crisp acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with undertones of cocoa nib and lime zest.
Crisply, quietly sweet-savory.
Pear, Brazil nut, fir, brown sugar, carnation in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Gently drying, nut-toned finish.
Richly bittersweet, complex.
Dark chocolate, sassafras, honey, pear, cashew in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Balanced, sweetly savory.
Narcissus, date, orange zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of tamarind, supported by orange zest and cedar.
Richly floral, deep-toned.
Narcissus, cocoa nib, peach, fir, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish shows a pretty floral throughline supported by notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib.
Gently fruit-toned, wood-framed.
Prune, balsa wood, hazelnut, orange zest, a hint of freesia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gently bittersweet acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Notes of balsa and hazelnut drive the finish.
Delicate, crisply sweet.
Pistachio, fir, lime zest, freesia, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of fir and lime zest.
Richly bittersweet.
Dark chocolate, hop flowers, fir, almond, raisin in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp, chocolaty finish is supported by smoky aromatic wood notes.
Balanced, richly bittersweet.
Cocoa powder, prairie flowers, date, lily, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and fir.
Bright, deeply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, grapefruit zest, plum, hazelnut, thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, nut-toned finish with undertones of fresh-cut thyme.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Pecan, pie cherry, brown sugar, oak, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; chewy mouthfeel.
Pecan tones prevail in the crisply sweet finish.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned.
Cashew butter, baking chocolate, magnolia, pear, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly brisk structure; satiny mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cashew and cedar.
Complex, uniquely composed, tropical.
Ginger blossom, cocoa nib, lychee, sandalwood, wild honey in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish carries through on the promise of the cup, with rich fruit notes in the short and deep florals in the long.
Richly floral-toned, deeply sweet.
Narcissus, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, marjoram, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with juicy, bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Balanced floral, citrusy finish.
Bright with spice-toned florals.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, grapefruit zest, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full,
Richly sweet, deeply savory.
Wisteria, red currant, lime zest, tamarind, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The bright finish leads with wisteria and red currant in the short; lime grapefruit zest and sandalwood carry the long.
Gently sweet-tart, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa nib, orange, narcissus, mango, cedar in aroma and cup.
Intricately sweet, bright, with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The quietly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango and cedar.
Rich, intensely sweet, floral-toned.
Lilac, tangerine, cocoa nib, apricot, myrrh in aroma and cup.
Lively, sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around juicy citrus and lilac tones, grounded by cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso.
Aromatic orchid, dark chocolate, black cherry, gently scorched sandalwood, tarragon in aroma and small cup.
Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, complex, long finish.
In three parts milk, floral and fruit tones harmonize with dark chocolate for a particularly complex cappuccino.
Richly fruit-toned, complex.
Dried mango, cocoa nib, cascara (coffee cherry tea), lilac, cedar in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with winy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-driven finish with a bittersweet undercurrent that lends complexity.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory.
Ripe tomato, baking chocolate, black currant, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with crisp acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
A quiet finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and aromatic oak.
Sweetly herbaceous, citrus-toned.
Thyme, lemon balm, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with sweet herb notes supported by cocoa nib.
Tropical, floral, and fruit-toned.
Star jasmine, lychee, dark chocolate, cashew butter, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with vibrant acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with undertones of cashew and sandalwood.
Delicately sweet-tart.
Berry melange, pink peppercorn, honeysuckle, baker’s chocolate, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with crisp acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The herb-toned finish leads with notes of lemon verbena
Balanced; richly bittersweet.
Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, date, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet structure with gentle acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and citrus-toned finish.
Lively, balanced, elegantly sweet-tart.
Lime blossom, lychee, blood orange, cocoa nib, honey in aroma and cup.
Gently bright structure with vibrant acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, rich-toned finish.
Bright, juicy, citrusy.
Star Jasmine, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, almond, hint of spearmint in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with nimble acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Floral-toned finish supported by notes of tangerine zest and almond.
Crisply fruit-forward, sweetly tart.
Goji berry, cinnamon, carnation, dark chocolate, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with crisp acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
Gently fruity finish centered around notes of dark chocolate and goji berry.
Floral-toned, delicately complex.
Lilac, amber, apricot, caramel, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of amber and caramel, supported by sweet thyme.
Richly fruit-forward, deeply sweet-savory.
Dried mango, saltwater taffy, hop flowers, agave syrup, oak in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of mango and hop flowers supported by oak.
Deeply sweet-savory, yet bright and juicy.
Dark chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, marjoram, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The long, lingering finish retains its flavor-saturated, engaging structure throughout.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Baking chocolate, raspberry, cedar, shiitake mushroom, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet.
Apricot, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of maple syrup.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet-tart.
Blackberry jam, brown sugar, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with undertones of brown sugar and oak.
Bright, balanced, floral-driven.
Ginger blossom, red plum, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Juicy-sweet structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of tangerine zest.
Deeply sweet, slightly fermenty.
Dark chocolate, orange zest, whiskey barrel, almond butter, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with round acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel.
Long, flavor-saturated, balanced finish.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory.
Concord grape, hop flowers, grapefruit
Floral-toned, gently spicy.
Freesia-like flowers, cocoa nib, orange zest, candied walnut, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet finish with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, bittersweet finish with notes of freesia and candied walnut.
Richly spice-toned, fruit-driven.
Dried papaya, salted caramel, cinnamon, nutmeg, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet, low-toned structure with round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of papaya, caramel and nutmeg.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned.
Jasmine, cocoa nib, apricot, oak, thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with bright acidity.
Silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned jasmine.
Bold, chocolaty, rich-toned.
Dark chocolate, nougat, gardenia, date, gently scorched cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweetly wood-framed, chocolaty finish.
Richly fruity, balanced, complex.
Mango, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with vibrant, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit- and cocoa-toned finish.
Deeply sweet-savory.
Watermelon candy (Jolly Rancher), chocolate fudge, oregano, cedar, hint of teriyaki sauce in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Salty, chocolaty finish.
Cleanly fruit-forward.
Date, pink grapefruit zest, fresh-cut oak, hazelnut, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with crisp acidity; buttery-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to pink grapefruit zest and hazelnut.
Provocatively sweet, richly floral, musky.
Aromatic orchid, cocoa nib, finger lime, fine musk, toffee in aroma and cup.
Elegantly tart in structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel.
Very long, flavor-laden finish.
Deep-toned, richly sweet.
Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, golden raisin, carnation, cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Sweetly nut-toned finish with gently spicy aromatic wood suggestions.
Richly fruit-toned, balanced.
Raspberry, pink peppercorn, star jasmine, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
The sweetly herb-toned finish leads with notes of raspberry and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso.
Concentrated, sweet-tart-savory.
Candycap mushroom, mulberry, sandalwood, almond nougat, ginger blossom in aroma and small cup.
Creamy-viscous mouthfeel; intensely sweet-tart finish.
In three parts milk, tart fruit and umami notes mingle with nut-toned caramel.
Bright, citrusy.
Lime zest, cocoa nib, lychee, marjoram, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Lively structure with crisp acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of lime zest and marjoram.
Cocoa-toned, gently bright.
Cocoa powder, cashew, date, magnolia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with delicately bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Nut-toned, crisply chocolaty finish.
Gently fruit-toned, lyrically sweet.
Nectarine, cherry blossom, almond butter, oregano, honey in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet with high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Integrated finish that retains all the notes from the aroma and cup.
Multi-layered, wide-ranging.
Salted caramel, tangerine, lemon-thyme, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish centers around notes of tangerine and caramel.
Richly sweet, delicately fermenty.
Dried nectarine, dark chocolate, Cointreau, pink peppercorn, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with winy acidity.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Quietly fermenty finish with notes of dark chocolate and Cointreau.
Crisp, balanced, richly sweet.
Dried blackberry, agave syrup, hop flowers, almond nougat, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
Notes of agave syrup and blackberry lead in the finish, with support from inviting bittersweet, hop-like florals.
High-toned, floral-driven.
Star jasmine, bergamot, red plum, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
In the finish, star jasmine and cocoa nib give way to bergamot and sandalwood.
Fruit-forward, deeply chocolaty.
Lychee, milk chocolate, amber, tangerine zest, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; buttery mouthfeel.
Amber and tangerine zest lead in the quiet finish.
Crisply spice-toned.
Nutmeg, clove, baking chocolate, date, fir in aroma
Resonantly sweet-tart, high-toned.
Passion fruit, toffee, pink grapefruit zest, jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, lingering finish centers around notes of toffee and pink grapefruit zest.
Crisply sweet-toned.
Cocoa nib, hazelnut, dried apricot, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-driven finish supported by cedar and hazelnut.
Vibrant, deep, complex.
Apricot, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lemon verbena, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
A cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of stone fruit and hazelnut.
Brightly sweet, deeply pungent.
Amber, red currant, baking chocolate, violet, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates around amber and currant notes with crisp chocolate undertones.
Deeply aromatic, richly sweet-tart.
Black cherry, honeysuckle, hazelnut butter, baking chocolate, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with fruit-toned, winy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and baking chocolate with support from black cherry.
High-toned, floral.
Narcissus, apricot, almond, tangerine zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around narcissus and tangerine zest.
Sweetly fruit-forward, deeply aromatic.
Passion fruit, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of tangerine with cocoa undertones.
Deeply sweet, intense, perfumy.
Guava, ripe banana, chocolate fudge, oak, lily in aroma and cup.
Juicy-sweet and lactic (yogurty) in structure with pleasingly tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge, lily and oak.
Rich, deep, sweetly earth-toned.
Pipe tobacco, baking chocolate, date, pistachio, jasmine in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Pipe tobacco and cashew complicate the chocolaty finish.
A friendly, accessible natural-processed Ethiopia cup: crisply sweet, deeply chocolaty, with hints of spicy florals throughout.
Rich-toned, deeply floral.
Wisteria, cocoa nib, apricot, maple syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet structure with juicy but elegant acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is all flowers supported by deep cocoa notes.
Balanced, chocolaty, nut-toned.
Baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, date, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The nut-toned finish is long and very sweet.
Richly spice-toned, fruit-forward.
Goji berry, amber, dried ginger, cashew, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of goji berry and amber.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Pomegranate, toffee, shiitake mushroom, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with a hint of shiitake mushroom.
Gently sweet-tart, citrus-toned.
Cocoa nib, tangerine, lilac, mango, cedar in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The quietly tart finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango and cedar.
Deep-toned, richly sweet.
Dark chocolate, toffee, dried persimmon, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy smooth mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with undertones of rich cedar.
Richly fruit-saturated, balanced, juicy.
Black cherry, Bourbon barrel, cocoa nib, wisteria, candycap mushroom in aroma and small cup.
Deep, sweet-savory structure with high-toned, malic acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish that fulfills the promise of the cup.
Ultra-high-toned, fruit-driven, richly floral.
Wisteria, dried nectarine, pistachio brittle, calamansi lime, tarragon in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with resoundingly bright, lively acidity; delicately silky, viscous mouthfeel.
Long, floral-toned finish supported by bittersweet citrus.
Richly sweet-savory, complex, layered.
Dark chocolate, lilac, candycap mushroom, cedar, black cherry in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned lilac and black cherry.
Richly sweet, deeply layered.
Lychee, tangerine zest, mesquite, star jasmine, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrantly bright acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of agave syrup and mesquite.
Complex, high-toned, resiny.
Malt, amber, pomelo, baking chocolate, date in aroma and cup.
Brightly bittersweet structure with juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
Perfumed finish with leading notes of amber and pomelo.
Balanced, delicately fruit-toned.
Dried apricot, caramel, coriander, oak, milk chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gently brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of caramel-toned apricot with chocolate undertones.
Crisply sweet-tart, cocoa-toned.
Cocoa nib, pomegranate, freesia, almond butter, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-and nut-toned finish with undertones of orange zest.
Chocolaty, crisply sweet.
Baking chocolate, date, hazelnut, magnolia, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp, chocolaty finish.
Roast-rounded, chocolaty, fruit-forward.
Scorched cedar, Nutella, molasses, dried plum, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with very gentle acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates around Nutella and magnolia with a hint of smoke.
Spice-toned, floral.
Lavender, almond, apricot, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with undertones of lavender and almond.
Delicately aromatic, complex, citrusy.
Bergamot, candied violet, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, pineapple taffy in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish that carries through on the promise of the cup.
Deeply aromatic, richly nuanced.
Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut brittle, wisteria, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa- and floral-toned finish with undertones of hazelnut and Meyer lemon zest.
Vibrantly sweet, gently fermenty.
Lime zest, tea rose, cocoa nib, sandalwood, a hint of aged Tequila in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
In the finish crisp cocoa nib balances the fruit.
Juicy, bright, delicate, balanced.
Apricot, dark chocolate, lilac, maple syrup, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart with crisp, citrusy acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, fruit-toned finish with hints of lilac.
Richly fruit-forward, deeply chocolaty.
Dried mango, chocolate fudge, wisteria, cedar, pistachio in aroma and cup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with winy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of dried mango, chocolate fudge and cedar.
Complex, richly sweet-tart.
Nectarine, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, nougat, lilac in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and Meyer lemon.
Nuanced, multi-layered, complex.
Red currant, honeysuckle, pomegranate, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of red currant and cocoa nib, with undertones of cedar.
Pungent, sweetly tart, fruity.
Sweet-Tarts candy, hazelnut brittle, agave syrup, dried fennel, lily in aroma and cup.
Tart-leaning structure with gentle acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of fennel and hazelnut.
Savory-sweet, deep-toned, juicy.
Concord grape, mustard flower, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with cola-like, phosphoric acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated finish, long, chocolate-laden, fruity and spice-toned.
Fresh, integrated, deep-toned.
Caramelized mango, ginger blossom, cashew butter, lemon-thyme, palo santo in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, satisfying finish leads with notes of mango and ginger blossom with undertones of palo santo.
Richly chocolaty, floral-toned.
Chocolate fudge, dried black cherry, roasted almond butter, narcissus, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with gentle but harmonious acidity; creamy, viscous mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and richly floral finish, long and lingering.
Deeply fruit-toned, balanced and deep.
Dark chocolate, goji berry, gardenia, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with gentle, balanced acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel Resonantly chocolaty finish with undertones of goji berry and hazelnut.
Decadently rich, resonantly chocolaty, floral-toned.
Chocolate fudge, salted caramel, gardenia, date, scorched almond in aroma and cup.
Vibrantly bittersweet structure with round acidity; lush, creamy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and nut-toned finish with a hint of smokiness.
Deeply sweet-savory.
Pipe tobacco, scorched clove, dark chocolate, ripe banana, a hint of freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with soft acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Savory-leaning finish with notes of pipe tobacco and scorched clove, lifted by a crisp dark chocolate.
Crisply chocolaty, floral-toned.
Nectarine, brown sugar, wisteria, baking chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Complex, bittersweet structure with quiet acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Baking chocolate and oak notes characterize the long finish, with pretty hints of wisteria underneath.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet.
Dark chocolate, date, singed cedar, Bing cherry, saltwater taffy.
Deepy sweet structure with gentle acidity; viscous, smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to dark chocolate and saltwater taffy.
Balanced, deep, chocolaty.
Lavender, red currant, gently scorched cedar, baking chocolate, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Roundly sweet-tart structure with bright, balanced acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Almond notes surface in the sweetly roast-toned finish.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, charred mesquite, gardenia, dried persimmon, dark caramel in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; gently drying, chocolaty and wood-framed finish.
Earthy, bittersweet.
Fresh-cut oak, cocoa powder, fresh leather, sweet pea, lily in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with hints of dark chocolate and fresh leather.
Richly sweet-tart, delicately fruit-toned.
Wild strawberry, honey, freesia, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy, gently bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of honey-toned strawberry and marjoram.
Gently sweet-tart, complexly layered.
Dried blackberry, honeysuckle, hazelnut butter, cocoa nib, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with winey acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut butter and cocoa nib with undertones of blackberry.
Delicate, vibrantly floral, citrusy.
Bergamot, wisteria, almond brittle, thyme, cane sugar in aroma and cup.
Bright, balanced structure with elegantly juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Complex, multi-layered, deeply sweet.
Dark chocolate, date, butterscotch, ginger blossom, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish centers around notes of date and dark chocolate.
Delicately fruity, sweetly herbaceous.
Lemon-thyme, dried apricot, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut oak, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Gently tart with wine-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned lemon-thyme.
Deep, rich, chocolaty.
Chocolate fudge, roasted almond, Fig Newton, cedar, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Nutty, chocolaty finish.
Deeply sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Watermelon, sassafras, clove (and
Sweetly nut-toned.
Hazelnut butter, red apple, lemon verbena, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
The nut-toned finish is supported by suggestions of lemon verbena and cedar.
Richly aromatic, deep-toned, vibrant.
Red currant, toffee, hazelnut, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Juicy-sweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of toffee and hazelnut with a hint of freesia.
Sweet-savory, richly aromatic.
Dried apricot, young goat cheese, dark chocolate, lemon-thyme, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Savory-leaning structure with sweet-tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty, tangy finish.
Richly floral-toned, elegant, complex.
Star jasmine, tangerine zest, violet candy, cocoa nib, apricot in aroma and cup.
Very bright, juicy, delicately sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; lush, silky mouthfeel.
The long, resonant, lingering finish carries over all the notes from the cup.
Sweetly herbaceous, deeply aromatic, rich-toned.
Dark chocolate, tangerine, fresh-cut thyme, dried plum, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with balanced, gently vibrant acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Especially long, flavor-saturated finish that carries over all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich.
Chocolate fudge, black cherry, gardenia, hop flowers, gently scorched cedar in aroma and small cup.
Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; chocolaty, aromatic finish with rich cedar notes.
Decadently dessert-like in cappuccino-scaled milk with notes of chocolate fudge, black cherry and gardenia, all enveloped in an appealing, very subtle smokiness.
Crisp, balanced, very sweet.
Aromatic orchid, apricot, almond, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
Nut- and cocoa-toned finish with undertones of apricot and lemon verbena.
Richly sweet-savory, subtly complex.
Bing cherry, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, fresh-cut fir, Nutella in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly savory structure with juicy-bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of crisp citrus and sweet Nutella notes.
Elegantly fruit-toned, juicy and bright.
Lychee, cocoa nib, freesia, cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Tropical fruit-toned, juicy and bright.
Lychee, mango, almond butter, osmanthus, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with winey acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit-driven finish supported by notes of almond and oak.
Richly floral, resonantly fruit-toned.
Apricot blossom, Bing cherry, amber, cocoa nib, black sage in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, floral-driven acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of Bing cherry, apricot blossom and amber.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, lively.
Black cherry, dark chocolate, marshmallow, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of macadamia nut and dark chocolate.
Deeply sweet-savory.
Blackberry, hop flowers, sandalwood, cocoa nib, a hint of lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned sandalwood and blackberry notes characterize the resonant finish.
Juicy sweet, gently fermenty.
Raspberry, thyme, dark chocolate, wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Rich, sweet structure with buoyant acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel.
Deeply chocolaty and fruit-toned finish.
Complex, multi-layered, deeply sweet-tart.
Lilac, cocoa nib, peach, amber, pistachio in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of lilac and peach, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Floral-driven, crisply cocoa-toned.
Baking chocolate, magnolia, golden raisin, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Baking chocolate and magnolia carry the finish, with undertones of fresh-cut cedar.
Crisply chocolaty, nut-toned.
Baking chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, hazelnut brittle, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Quiet, nut-driven finish with hints of baking chocolate.
Bright, richly sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Pomegranate, dark chocolate, lilac, almond, amber in aroma and small cup.
Bright structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Sweetly tart finish with leading notes of pomegranate and almond.
Crisply chocolaty, floral finish.
Crisply sweet-savory.
Date, magnolia, tamarind, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with lively acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
Sweetly tart finish leads with tamarind notes, supported by suggestions of rich cedar.
A balanced honey-processed cup that leads with stone fruit and vanilla-like floral notes — sweet, tart, and especially aromatic.
Delicately fruit-forward, crisply chocolaty.
Date, baking chocolate, hazelnut, tangerine zest, cane sugar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity, plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Understated, balance, nut- and chocolate-toned finish.
Fruit-toned, deeply floral.
Raspberry, wisteria, honey, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is driven by notes of raspberry and dark chocolate.
Caramel apple, chrysanthemum, lemon verbena, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Sweetly bright structure with delicately juicy acidity; gently buoyant mouthfeel.
The roundly sweet finish leads with notes of caramel apple and chrysanthemum.
Sweetly and deeply bright.
Dried cherry, dark chocolate, magnolia, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with delicate, deep-toned acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Simple, clean finish, chocolaty and sweet.
Richly fruit-toned.
Date, honey, hazelnut butter, magnolia, hint of whiskey barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, buttery mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, balanced finish centered around notes of date, magnolia and hazelnut.
Richly fruit and spice-toned.
Dried elderberry, clove, agave syrup, marjoram, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with notes of elderberry and sandalwood.
Complex, nuanced, high-toned.
Wild raspberry, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with juicy-bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The inviting finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and honey.
Crisply chocolaty, richly nut-toned.
Baking chocolate, almond butter, plum, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with juicy acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The flavorful finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and almond with hints of plum.
Fruit-toned, delicately floral.
Magnolia, plum, almond, cedar, cane sugar in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; silky mouthfeel.
Wood-framed finish with undertones of almond and cane sugar.
Gently sweet-tart.
Pomegranate, orange zest, agave syrup, fir, lily in aroma and cup.
Tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
Gently drying, wood-framed finish.
Gently sweet-tart, fruit-toned.
Dried plum, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup.
Delicately tart structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa and cedar notes lead the quiet finish.
Crisply chocolaty, deeply sweet.
Baking chocolate, cashew, caramel, fresh-cut fir, oregano in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish with notes of crisp chocolate and cashew.
Deeply fruity, richly chocolaty.
Grape candy, chocolate fudge, magnolia, walnut butter, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-taert structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Quietly fruit-toned, chocolaty finish.
Spice-toned, balanced, crisply sweet.
Baking spices, caramel, lily, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Crisp, sweet structure with bright acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Almond notes lead in the finish, supported by caramel and orange zest.
Evaluated as espresso.
Sweetly tart, juicy, bright.
Green apple, sandalwood, dark chocolate, almond brittle, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy, viscous mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish.
Elegant and deep in three parts milk, with fruit, dark chocolate and aromatic wood in harmony.
Richly sweet, deeply savory.
Lilac, black currant, lime zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with lilac and black currant in the short; lime zest and cedar carry the long.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned, deeply aromatic.
Dried pomegranate, honeysuckle, dark chocolate, amber, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup.
Plush, voluptuous mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Superb in cappuccino-scaled milk: chocolaty and floral-toned.
Berry-driven, complexly sweet-savory.
Mulberry, praline, cocoa nib, lilac, tangerine zest in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Resonant, lingering, berry-toned finish, chocolaty and floral.
Crisply sweet-tart.
Passion fruit, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Gently tart structure with sweet, high-toned acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of lemon verbena and freesia.
Gently fruit-forward, sweetly savory.
Dark chocolate, raspberry coulis, star jasmine, cedar, tangerine zest.
Sweet-savory structure with fruity-bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and fruit-driven in the finish, with support from notes of bittersweet citrus.
Delicate, richly floral-toned.
Lavender, blood orange, cocoa nib, almond butter, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with fine, floral-toned acidity; silky-smooth, vibrant mouthfeel.
The long, sweet finish centers around notes of cocoa nib, lavender and blood orange.
Richly aromatic, deeply fruit-toned.
Raspberry jam, almond nougat, lemon balm, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Gently tart structure with pert acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp, fruity, cocoa-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso.
Delicately berry-toned, richly sweet.
Blackberry coulis, cocoa nib, agave syrup, fresh-cut cedar, macadamia nut in aroma and small cup.
Silky, viscous mouthfeel; the finish leads with notes of agave syrup and macadamia nut.
Especially pretty in cappuccino format, where berry and cocoa notes balance rich aromatic cedar.
Evaluated as espresso.
Aromatically intense, sweet-tart-savory.
Concord grape, lychee, dark chocolate, aloewood, oregano in aroma and cup.
Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; savory, herbaceous, chocolaty finish.
In three parts milk, savory notes usurp sweet, with inviting aloewood and oregano notes supported by dark chocolate and lychee undertones.
Evaluated as espresso.
Brightly fruit-toned, deeply chocolaty, with savory undertones.
Rambutan, sandalwood, kumquat, dark chocolate, freesia in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; especially long, flavor-laden finish.
In three parts milk, sandalwood notes frame the dark chocolate and tropical fruit throughlines.
Evaluated as espresso.
Winey and musky, richly chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, red wine barrel, musk, black sage, toasted walnut in aroma and small cup.
Evaluated as espresso.
Extremely sweet, intentionally fermenty, wine-like aroma.
Red wine, salted caramel, gardenia, pomelo, hazelnut brittle in aroma and small cup.
Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; crisply nut-toned and caramelly finish.
In milk, this coffee is dessert-like in its impossibly deep sweetness.
Evaluated as espresso.
Complex, richly tart, sweetly herbaceous.
Watermelon candy, sassafras, star jasmine, dark chocolate, hint of eucalyptus in aroma and small cup.
Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, sweetly herbal finish.
In cappuccino format, balanced, bright, deep, juicy and chocolaty.
Evaluated as espresso.
Juicy, richly aromatic, sweetly tart.
Dark chocolate, pomegranate, sandalwood, lilac, blood orange zest in aroma and small cup.
Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish.
High-toned and chocolaty in three parts milk, supported by elegant floral and rich aromatic wood notes.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly nutty, subtly fruity.
Nutella, dried red currant, magnolia, pink grapefruit zest, rosewood in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; the dessert-like finish centers around notes of Nutella and magnolia.
In three parts milk, plush, flavor-saturated and lingering.
Richly sweet-savory, fruit-forward, juicy.
Dried pineapple, dark chocolate, wine barrel, magnolia, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
The fruit-driven finish is complicated by notes of wine barrel and magnolia.
Juicy, balanced, bright.
Bing cherry, wisteria, cocoa nib, blood orange, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisply sweet finish centers around notes of cherry and cocoa nib.
Fruit-forward, elegantly bright.
Lychee, passionfruit, cashew butter, sandalwood, bergamot in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with vibrant acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel.
Fruit-toned finish with undertones of cashew butter and sandalwood.
Delicate, richly aromatic, floral-toned.
Narcissus, apricot, almond, Meyer lemon zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel.
The long finish centers around notes of narcissus and almond.
Crisply sweet, deeply spice-toned.
Cinnamon, date, raspberry, baking chocolate, amber in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of date and cinnamon with undertones of amber.
Sweetly tart, juicy and vibrant.
Pink grapefruit, nectarine, cocoa nib, lavender, cedar in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with sweet, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned fruit supported by cedar.
Crisply sweet, fruit-forward.
Blueberry, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, cashew, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with gentle acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel.
The quiet finish centers around notes of blueberry and fir.
High-toned, delicate, confident.
Star-jasmine, cocoa nib, blood orange, black sage, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with poised and elegantly bright acidity; very smooth, silky mouthfeel.
Sandalwood notes contribute resonance to the floral-toned finish.
Sweet-toned, richly aromatic.
Red currant, honey, narcissus, cedar, lavender in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The short finish consolidates to notes of red currant and honey, carrying far into the long.
Sweetly pungent with savory undertones.
Lychee, marjoram, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, roasted almond in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with juicy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Nutty, sweetly herbaceous finish.
High-toned, floral.
Nectarine, lilac, cocoa nib, pistachio brittle, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The cocoa-toned finish is complicated by hints of lilac and cedar.
Crisply sweet and inviting.
Caramel, pear, baking chocolate, fir, mustard flower in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with gentle acidity; satiny mouthfeel.
Notes of caramel and pear lead the finish, with undertones of baking chocolate.
Crisply chocolaty, deep-toned.
Baking chocolate, almond, lily, candy apple, fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gently round acidity; full, crisply syrupy mouthfeel.
Gently drying, quite chocolaty finish.
Balanced, sweetly savory.
Wisteria, black currant, lime zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bight, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of tamarind, supported by lime zest and cedar.
Vibrantly fruit-toned, intensely sweet-tart.
Mango, cocoa nib, agave syrup, lemon thyme, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with perky acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisp fruit-forward finish with undertones of agave syrup and lemon thyme.
Fruit-centered, sweetly herbaceous.
Bing cherry, marjoram, honeysuckle, salted caramel, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisply sweet finish consolidates around notes of honeysuckle and oak.
Deeply and richly sweet, chocolaty.
Dried blueberry, chocolate fudge, gardenia, cedar, hazelnut in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with round, fruity acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Fruity, spice-toned, sweetly fermenty.
Cherry liqueur, tiramisu, gardenia, tangerine zest, sage in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with winey acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Resonant finish, driven by notes of cherry liqueur and gardenia with undertones of sage.
Elegantly bright, richly sweet.
Apricot, bergamot, cocoa nib, sandalwood, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Balanced structure with high-toned acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel.
Long, lingering finish centers around notes of cocoa nib and apricot, with a shimmer of star jasmine.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned.
Lilac, plum, almond, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup.
Silky-smooth mouthfeel; crisp finish with notes of cocoa nib and lemon verbena.
In cappuccino format, cocoa notes are further elevated and sweet herb notes provide bright ballast.
Deeply sweet-savory, unusual.
Caramel, goat milk yogurt, raspberry, cedar, sage in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet in structure with bright acidity; syrupy mouthfeel.
Savory-leaning finish with undertones of caramel and sage.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly aromatic, fruity, spice-toned.
Baking spices, pineapple, dark chocolate, cedar, apple cider in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; spice-toned, fruity finish.
In three parts milk, suggests a pineapple milkshake.
High-toned, richly sweet and deep.
Nectarine, cherry blossom, hazelnut, lemon-thyme, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp mouthfeel.
Long, flavor-laden finish that carries forward all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup.
Sweetly savory, fruit-driven.
Candy apple, lime zest, baking chocolate, cedar, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of chocolate and citrus.
Delicate, balanced, sweet-toned.
Baking chocolate, pear, almond, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweetly nutty finish supported by notes of agave and oak.
Juicy, bright, fruit- and floral-toned, savory-edged.
Shitake mushroom, dark chocolate, grape candy, wisteria, amber in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with cola-like acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish.
Gently fruit-forward.
Raspberry, honey, almond butter, magnolia, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The sweet-toned finish centers around notes of raspberry, magnolia and honey.
Deep-toned, intricately balanced.
Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, magnolia, sandalwood, pink peppercorn in aroma and small cup.
Juicy-sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of dried mulberry and pink peppercorn.
Evaluated as espresso.
Chocolaty, roast-rounded.
Cocoa powder, date, salted caramel, gardenia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; sweet, chocolaty and wood-framed finish.
In three parts milk, both chocolate and floral notes bloom, with undertones of date and gardenia.
Sweetly nut-toned.
Cashew, caramel, cedar, orange zest, lily in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of cashew and cedar with caramel undertones.
Elegant, delicately aromatic, floral.
Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, red plum, pomelo in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Floral- and cocoa-toned finish.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly tart.
Nectarine, dark chocolate, lemon verbena, lavender, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty finish with undertones of lemon verbena and a hint of lavender.
Juicy, richly floral-toned.
Lilac, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, almond butter, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel.
The engaging finish leads with notes of lilac and pink grapefruit zest, rounding to almond butter and oak in the long.
Deeply fruit-toned, richly chocolaty.
Dried apricot, dark chocolate, narcissus, cedar, almond in aroma and cup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot, dark chocolate and cedar.
Crisply tart, sweetly herbaceous.
Tangerine, thyme, tea rose, fresh-cut oak, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The citrusy finish leads with notes of tangerine and tea rose.
Richly floral, fruit-toned, balanced.
Passion fruit, pink peppercorn, star jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel.
The spicy-floral finish leads with notes of star jasmine and cocoa nib.
Citrusy-sweet, richly cocoa-toned.
Tangerine, cocoa nib, marjoram, narcissus, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, balanced acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to pretty notes of cocoa nib and tangerine.
Suavely bright, quietly lively, balanced.
Tangerine, hazelnut, cedar, cashew, floral vanilla in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart in structure; roundly bright acidity.
Plush, buoyant mouthfeel.
Impressive finish: deep, layered, vanilla with cedar and tangerine back notes.
Richly spice- and fruit-toned.
Nectarine, clove, narcissus, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The balanced finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and nectarine, supported by clove, cedar and a hint of narcissus.
Gently fruit-toned, complex, multi-layered.
Wild strawberry, honey, sandalwood, jasmine, fresh leather in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with balanced, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The crisp finish centers on notes of strawberry and sandalwood with honey undertones.
Chocolaty, deep-toned.
Baking chocolate, date, cedar, narcissus, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Richly sweet, floral- and fruit-toned.
Apricot, star jasmine, almond nougat, lemon balm, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with delicately bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, flavor-laden finish.
Delicately bright, resonantly floral.
Narcissus, cardamom, honey, bergamot, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel.
The long, flavor-laden finish leads with notes of bittersweet citrus and narcissus in the short; cardamom and honey resurface in the long.
High-toned, balanced, deeply sweet.
Pomelo, jasmine, cocoa nib, amber, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The crisply cocoa-toned finish is supported by pomelo and jasmine.
Bittersweet, cleanly fruit-toned.
Dark chocolate, raspberry, lime zest, hazelnut butter, rhododendron in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet structure with juicy, bright acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
The finish is carried by notes of dark chocolate and raspberry.
Richly aromatic, complex.
Star jasmine, cocoa nib, bergamot, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Delicately bright structure with vibrantly juicy acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel.
Resonant, long flavor-laden finish with notes of star jasmine and cocoa nib supported by apricot undertones.
Rich-toned, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, cashew butter, date, magnolia, orange zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned with gentle, round acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of crisp baking chocolate and cashew.
Evaluated as espresso.
Caramel, almond butter, yellow plum, orange zest, cedar in aroma and small cup.
Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; richly nut-driven finish.
In three parts milk, almond and caramel tones commingle, supported by plum and cedar.
Deep-toned, complexly layered, vibrantly aromatic.
Black cherry, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, sugar cane, lemon balm in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Very long, nuanced, resonant finish.
Deeply lactic-sweet, rich-toned.
Bubblegum, rhododendron, cocoa nib, fresh leather, grape candy in aroma and cup.
Richly bittersweet structure with tangy, lactic acidity; delicate, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The sweet, long finish consolidates to notes of bubblegum and cocoa nib with undertones of rhododendron.
Sweetly tart, fruit-driven, chocolaty.
Berry melange, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet with vibrant, high-toned acidity; lively, syrupy mouthfeel.
Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish, juicy and bright.
Delicately aromatic, richly sweet.
Narcissus, honey, apricot, almond, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, floral acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of honey and almond with undertones of narcissus.
Elegantly fruit-toned, very juicy.
Ripe peach, dark chocolate, blueberry jam, almond butter, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, malic acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
Integrated, harmonious, long finish.
Spice-toned, richly sweet.
White peach, nutmeg, tuberose, cocoa nib, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and peach in the short, with fresh-cut fir and hints of tuberose resurfacing in the long.
Delicately fruit-toned, gently tart.
Dark chocolate, strawberry, jasmine, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Chocolaty, fruit-toned finish, with undertones of cedar.
Massively floral, juicy, cocoa-toned.
Distinct cocoa, honeysuckle, tangerine, caramel, cashew in aroma and cup.
Deeply sweet, savory-edged in structure, with deep, vibrant acidity.
Full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is sweet and rich, carrying most notes from the cup far into the long.
Crisp, spicy, orange-toned.
Spice box, black currant, orange, cocoa, a hint of sweet flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with a briskly savory edge; full, plump mouthfeel.
Rich and round in the finish: orange, blackberry, a continued hint of flowers.
Round, deep, yet delicately lively, sweetly nut-toned.
Roasted pistachio, caramel, date, lime, freesia in aroma and cup.
Complexly layered structure with light-footed, engaging acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Long, layered finish: lime and caramel.
Deeply sweet, crisply chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, almond nougat, pear, fresh-cut oak, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of almond nougat and pink grapefruit zest.
Crisply sweet-tart, nut-toned.
Red apple, almond brittle, magnolia, lemon zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel.
Quiet, gently nut-toned finish.
Delicately fruit- and floral-toned.
Magnolia, apricot, amber, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with gently bright acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel.
Resonant finish that leads with notes of magnolia and apricot, rounding to cocoa and amber in the long.
Multi-faceted, enticingly sweet-savory.
Lychee, cardamom, cocoa nib, fennel, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with vibrantly juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
Rich-toned, very long finish with leading notes of lychee and cardamom.
Evaluated as espresso.
Richly sweet, crisply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, hazelnut, candy apple, orange zest, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish with hazelnut undertones.
In three parts milk, chocolate notes are amplified but remain in balance with hazelnut and cedar suggestions.
Intricate, vibrantly floral, citrusy.
Lilac, tangerine, almond brittle, sage, wild honey in aroma and cup.
High-toned, harmonious structure with elegantly juicy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Sweetly floral, richly aromatic.
Magnolia, raspberry, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of magnolia  and raspberry with distinct undertones of cocoa nib.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned.
Apricot nectar, almond nougat, jasmine, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; very syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel.
Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of apricot and cedar.
Nuanced, multi-layered.
Almond brittle, pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, lemon-thyme in aroma and small cup.
Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth, vibrant mouthfeel with.
Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Complex, multi-layered.
Almond brittle, black cherry, dark chocolate, narcissus, mustard seed in aroma and small cup.
Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth, lively mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish consolidates to suggestions of black cherry and almond brittle.
Delicately rich, vibrantly sweet-savory.
Wisteria, dark chocolate, lychee, candied orange zest, allspice in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long finish consolidates to notes of wisteria and allspice.
Rich-toned, chocolaty.
Baking chocolate, black currant, freesia-like flowers, clove, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.
The delicate finish leads with chocolate and freesia in the short, clove and agave syrup in the crisp-toned long.
Elegantly fruit-toned, gently spice-driven.
Date, clove, blood orange, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup.
Complex bittersweet structure with winey acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish is centered around notes of date, blood orange and clove.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply chocolaty.
Dark chocolate, pomegranate, lemon verbena, agave syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with apple-like malic acidity; very full, smooth, viscous mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with undertones of pink grapefruit zest.
Rich-toned, expressively layered, deeply sweet-savory.
Ginger flower, toasted coconut, dried red currant, wild honey, cedar in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
The long, intense finish is centered around notes of ginger and wild honey, with supporting notes of red currant and coconut.
Elegantly bright, delicately juicy, richly aromatic.
Cocoa nib, ginger flower, apricot, pink grapefruit zest, hint of thyme in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Fruit-centered, richly chocolaty.
Dried mango, dark chocolate, Calla lily, sandalwood, hazelnut brittle in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with bright, balanced acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel.
The confident finish is long and flavor-laden.
Enticingly sweet, deeply floral-toned.
Lilac, cocoa nib, pomelo, amber, almond nougat in aroma and cup.
Gently tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; very satiny, smooth mouthfeel.
Rich finish that harmoniously sustains all of the aromatics.
Evaluated as espresso.
Very sweet, floral, richly nutty.
Black cherry, almond butter, dark chocolate, cedar, tangerine zest in aroma and small cup.
Full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-driven finish.
In three parts milk, dark chocolate and almond butter take center stage, with support from pretty florals and citrus.
Evaluated as espresso.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory.
Dried fig, hop flowers, lemon verbena, dark chocolate, clove in aroma and small cup.
Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with clove undertones.
In cappuccino-scaled milk, spiced-toned chocolate notes are elevated, while fig and herb notes support.
Crisply sweet-tart, richly nut-toned.
Pomegranate, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with gently bright, balanced acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Quiet finish centered around sweet nut and chocolate tones.
Richly chocolaty, deep-toned.
Dark chocolate, hop flowers, black cherry, cinammon, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with supporting notes of hop flowers and cinnamon.
Gently fruit-toned, integrated and balanced.
Pineapple, almond nougat, redwood, narcissus, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with juicy, high-toned acidity; vibrant, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of pineapple and almond.
Richly sweet, spice-toned.
Lemon verbena, peach, cocoa nib, magnolia, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Balanced, bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant, lingering finish centers around cocoa-toned peach and almond notes.
Gently sweet-tart, floral-toned.
Pomegranate, lilac, pistachio, orange zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet-tart structure with delicately bright acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The tart-leaning finish leads with notes of pomegranate and orange zest, supported by oak and pistachio.
Resonantly juicy, richly sweet-tart.
Black currant, lavender, dark chocolate, Meyer lemon zest, fine musk in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with vibrant, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish is long, deep, rich, and crisply sweet.
Richly bittersweet, complex, fruit-driven.
Chocolate fudge, dried apricot, candied mandarin zest, pistachio brittle, narcissus in aroma and cup.
Invitingly bittersweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and dried apricot, with undertones of bittersweet mandarin zest into the long.
Savory-sweet, richly aromatic.
Red currant, candycap mushroom, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup.
Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Chocolaty finish with notes of red currant and tangerine zest in the short, candycap mushroom in the long.
Juicy, bright, classic.
Sweetly savory, deep-toned.
Black currant, amber, brown sugar, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-savory structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to cocoa-toned florals and fruit.
Richly chocolaty, harmoniously juicy and bright.
Dark chocolate fudge, pomelo, star jasmine, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with complex, bittersweet acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Balanced, richly sweet, spice-toned.
Apricot, cocoa nib, lilac, coriander, amber in aroma and cup.
Deep, sweet-savory structure with bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish is both crisp and juicy, leading with notes of apricot and coriander in the short and rich, cocoa-toned florals in the long.
Sweetly tart, floral-toned.
Tea rose, raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, watermelon rind, almond brittle in aroma and cup.
High-toned structure with winey acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel.
Exceptionally long, harmonious finish that exhilaratingly extends the promise of the cup.
Bright, richly sweet, complex.
Red currant, jasmine, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure, with juicy-bright acidity.
Crisply silky mouthfeel.
The balanced, integrated finish is centered around notes of red currant and dark chocolate, with hints of tangerine zest into the long.
Richly sweet-tart, fruity and juicy.
Dried pineapple, dark chocolate, frankincense, wisteria, pistachio in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel.
The fruit-driven finish is complicated by notes of wisteria and dark chocolate.
Crisply sweet-savory, spice-toned.
Baking chocolate, black cherry, freesia, lemongrass, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
The resonant finish consolidates to notes of crisp chocolate and lemongrass.
Delicately floral-toned.
Wisteria, pear, maple syrup, almond, lime zest in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet with vibrant acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel.
Almond and pear notes lead the gentle, pleasing finish.
Richly fruit-driven, invitingly aromatic.
Lychee, violet, cocoa nib, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish centers around notes of lychee and thyme with cocoa undertones.
Crisply cocoa- and berry-toned.
Raspberry, cocoa nib, brown sugar, hazelnut, fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar and fir.
Sweetly sweet-savory.
Red currant, violet, oregano, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The subtle finish consolidates to notes of red currant and cocoa nib.
Berry-driven, invitingly sweet-tart.
Dried mulberry, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, tea rose, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The long, lingering finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned mulberry and oak.
Complex, richly bittersweet.
Cocoa nib, goji berry, myrrh, cashew butter, hop flowers in aroma and cup.
Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel.
The resonant finish leads with goji berry and hop flowers in the short, rounding to cashew butter in the long.
Balanced, vibrant, juicy.
Black currant, narcissus, toffee, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with vivacious, sparkling acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to toffee and cedar.
Sweetly tart, crisply herbaceous.
Gooseberry, sage, magnolia, baking chocolate, pine nut in aroma and cup.
Juicy, sweet-tart structure; plump, satiny mouthfeel.
Crisp chocolate notes dominate in the finish with undertones of gooseberry and sage.
Cocoa-toned, juicy and vibrant.
Cocoa nib, bergamot, red plum, jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup.
Balanced, sweet-toned structure with malic, apple-like acidity; dry, crisp mouthfeel.
The cocoa toned finish is complicated by red plum and cedar.
Crisply chocolaty, floral-toned.
Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, dried persimmon, almond nougat, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, buttery mouthfeel.
Chocolaty and floral finish with undertones of almond.
Elegant, delicate, sweetly tart.
Bergamot, dried apricot, cocoa nib, sage, star jasmine in aroma and cup.
Delicately sweet, balanced structure with high-toned acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory.
Red currant, mustard flower, cocoa nib, butterscotch, almond butter in aroma and cup.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned red currant with butterscotch undertones.
Tropically fruity, richly chocolaty.
Dried blueberry, lychee, chocolate fudge, cedar, wisteria in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet-tart structure with winy acidity; plush, very viscous mouthfeel.
Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisp, cocoa-toned, gently floral.
Baking chocolate, orange zest, date, hint of narcissus, fir in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish with aromatic wood notes supported by orange zest.
Richly aromatic, gently tart.
Tamarind, magnolia, oak, pistachio, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tarty structure with gently brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish centered around notes of tamarind and oak with pistachio undertones.
Gently sweet, crisply fruity.
Dried pear, brown sugar, Brazil nut, fir, baking chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Satisfying simple, sweetly nut-driven finish.
Sweet-tart, gently herbaceous.
Dried apricot, honey, cashew butter, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with even-keeled acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of honey and cashew butter.
Resonantly floral, fruit-driven.
Narcissus, pomegranate, amber, dark chocolate in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, fruity acidity; lively, viscous mouthfeel.
The rich, concentrated finish centers around notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with lush undertones of amber.
Spice-toned, richly sweet.
Clove, caramel, red apple, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Finish consolidates to notes of baking spices and caramel.
Floral-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Black cherry, dark chocolate, marjoram, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of black cherry, rounding to cocoa tones in the long.
Richly fruit-toned, deeply chocolaty.
Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, pink peppercorn, amber in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish, centered around chocolate and berry notes, is rich, resonant and long.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned.
Nutella, peach, lime zest, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel.
Gently drying, very sweet nut-toned finish.
Chocolate-toned, richly sweet-savory.
Dark chocolate, nasturtium, black ucherry, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Bittersweet structure with gentle, rounded acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
The quiet finish consolidates to crisp cocoa-toned cedar notes.
Sweetly herb- and spice-toned.
Lemon verbena, plum, clove, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with delicate acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of lemon verbena and plum in the short, consolidating to fragrant oak in the long.
Floral-toned, richly fruity.
Narcissus, watermelon candy, dark chocolate, amber, clove in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with winey acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Sweetly savory, deep-toned.
Dark chocolate, red plum, hop flowers, bay leaf, agave syrup in aroma and cup.
Crisply sweet structure with savory undertones and gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Gently dying finish with leading notes of dark chocolate and hop flowers.
Delicate, elegant, sweetly bright.
Bergamot, cocoa nib, dried mango, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet-toned structure with sparkling acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel.
Gently citrusy, cocoa-toned finish.
Richly chocolaty, balanced, deep-toned.
Dark chocolate, persimmon, roasted almond butter, magnolia, oak forest in aroma and cup.
Sweet in structure with vibrant, apple-like malic acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel.
Integrated, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Delicately fruit-toned, richly tart.
Raspberry jam, cocoa nib, lime, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to pleasing berry and citrus notes supported by cocoa nib.
Deeply rich, sweet-toned.
Caramel, baking chocolate, cane sugar, red plum, oak in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel.
Crisply chocolaty, caramel-toned finish.
Deeply chocolaty, richly sweet.
Dark chocolate, cantaloupe, pipe tobacco, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of pipe tobacco and hazelnut.
Crisply chocolaty, sweetly herb-toned.
Cocoa nib, orange zest, fennel, red apple, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and orange zest.
Crisply sweet, deeply nut-toned.
Dried apricot, saltwater taffy, cocoa powder, cashew, maple syrup in aroma and cup.
Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel.
Cocoa powder and cashew lead in the quiet finish.
Crisp, nutty, sweetly herb-toned.
Lemon balm, praline, golden raisin, baking chocolate, magnolia in aroma and cup.
Richly sweet structure with balanced, high-toned acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.
Gently drying finish with notes of cocoa-toned raisin and praline.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly fermenty.
Cherry cordial, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, fine musk, gardenia in aroma and cup.
Brightly sweet structure with juicy, winey acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.
Crisply chocolaty, fruity finish with a whisper of alcohol ferment.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart.
Dried plum, baking chocolate, rhododendron, cedar, almond in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel.
The fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of cedar and baking chocolate.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned.
Almond brittle, pie cherry, magnolia, baking chocolate, mesquite in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel.
The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate, pie cherry and mesquite.
Chocolaty, floral-framed.
Cocoa nib, honeysuckle, date, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup.
Sweet structure with bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Cocoa nib and honeysuckle carry the finish, with hints of cedar underneath.
High-toned, enticingly sweet.
Black cherry, narcissus, cashew butter, lemon verbena, juniper bark in aroma and cup.
Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
The finish leads with notes of black cherry and lemon verbena, rounding to creamy cashew in the long.
Vibrantly sweet, subtly nuanced.
Apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, hyacinth, honey in aroma and cup.
Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel.
The chocolaty finish is supported by notes of apricot and hazelnut.
Evaluated as espresso.
Multi-layered, complex.
Dark chocolate, dried apricot, star jasmine, cedar, hazelnut butter in aroma and small cup.
Very syrupy mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish.
In three parts milk, chocolate and apricot notes are amplified, supported by spicy florals.
